 The Moorish Revival synagogue , designed after the Leopoldstädter Tempel in Vienna , was located on modern @-@ day Praška Street . It has been the only purpose @-@ built Jewish house of worship in the history of the city . It was one of the city 's most prominent public buildings , as well as one of the most esteemed examples of synagogue architecture in the region . 
 Shortly before 16 : 00 the battlecruisers of I Scouting Group encountered the British 1st Battlecruiser Squadron under the command of Vice Admiral David Beatty . The opposing ships began an artillery duel that saw the destruction of Indefatigable , shortly after 17 : 00 , and Queen Mary , less than half an hour later . By this time , the German battlecruisers were steaming south to draw the British ships toward the main body of the High Seas Fleet . At 17 : 30 , König 's crew spotted both the I Scouting Group and the 1st Battlecruiser Squadron approaching . The German battlecruisers were steaming to starboard , while the British ships steamed to port . At 17 : 45 , Scheer ordered a two @-@ point turn to port to bring his ships closer to the British battlecruisers , and a minute later , the order to open fire was given . 
 Finkelstein has accused journalist Jeffrey Goldberg of " torturing " or " being an accessory to torture of " Palestinian prisoners during his IDF service in the First Intifada , based on statements made in Goldberg 's book Prisoners . Finkelstein says that Goldberg admits to personally sending prisoners to the zinzana , which he says has been repeatedly condemned as torture in human rights reports . Goldberg referred to the allegation as " ridiculous " and he had " never laid a hand on anybody . " Goldberg said his " principal role " was " making sure prisoners had fresh fruit . " He characterized Finkelstein as a " ridiculous figure " and accused him of " lying and purposely misreading my book . " 
 = Frederick Reines = 
 = = Education = = 
 Running southward from Xuande Gate was the Imperial Boulevard , about two hundred paces wide , with the Imperial Corridors on either side . Merchants opened shops in the Corridors until 1112 , when they were banned . Two rows of black fencing were placed at the center of the boulevard as a barrier to pedestrians and carriages . Along the inner sides of the fences ran the brick @-@ lined Imperial Water Furrows , filled with lotus . About 400 m ( 1 @,@ 300 ft ) south from Xuande Gate , the Bian River intercepted the Imperial Boulevard , which crossed it over the stone Zhou Bridge , balustraded and flat @-@ decked . This design of a boulevard with a stone bridge crossing a river was later imitated in the Forbidden City . During spring and summer , mingled peach , plum , pear and apricot trees adorned the banks of the Bian with a variety of flowers . 
 The newly appointed commander of this troubled fleet was Villaret de Joyeuse ; although formerly in a junior position , he was known to possess a high degree of tactical ability ; he had trained under Admiral Pierre André de Suffren in the Indian Ocean during the American war . However , Villaret 's attempts to mould his new officer corps into an effective fighting unit were hampered by another new appointee , a deputy of the National Convention named Jean @-@ Bon Saint @-@ André . Saint @-@ André 's job was to report directly to the National Convention on the revolutionary ardour of both the fleet and its admiral . He frequently intervened in strategic planning and tactical operations . Shortly after his arrival , Saint @-@ André proposed issuing a decree ordering that any officer deemed to have shown insufficient zeal in defending his ship in action should be put to death on his return to France , although this highly controversial legislation does not appear to have ever been acted upon . Although his interference was a source of frustration for Villaret , Saint @-@ André 's dispatches to Paris were published regularly in Le Moniteur , and did much to popularise the Navy in France . 
 In January 2012 , two years since the quake , figures released by the United Nations show that of the nearly US $ 4 @.@ 5 billion pledged for reconstruction projects in 2010 and 2011 , only 43 percent has been delivered . Venezuela and the US , which promised the major share of reconstruction funds , have disbursed only 24 percent and 30 percent , respectively . Japan and Finland are among the few donors to have fully met their pledges . The data shows that some crucial sectors face particularly large funding gaps . In 2010 and 2011 , for example , donors disbursed just US $ 125 million of the US $ 311 million in grants allocated to agriculture projects , and only US $ 108 million of the US $ 315 million in grants allocated to health projects . Only 6 percent of bilateral aid for reconstruction projects has gone through Haitian institutions , and less than 1 percent of relief funding has gone through the government of Haiti . 
 Fifth @-@ year senior Turner entered the 2009 season as the uncontested starter at quarterback for the first time in his career . He was backed @-@ up by sophomore Jamarr Robinson and true freshmen C. J. Brown and Danny O 'Brien . Turner 's seniority was called critical for the performance of the team 's relatively youthful offensive line . Head coach Friedgen said , " If I had to choose between a veteran offensive line and an inexperienced quarterback , or an inexperienced line with a veteran quarterback , I think I 'd go with the veteran quarterback . " Upon the conclusion of preseason camp , the coaching staff praised his progress , particularly his game @-@ planning , for which he had been criticized in the past . Turner said , " Mentally , I am way further ahead than where I was last year . " Physically , he dropped 16 pounds by adding muscle and losing body fat , and weighed 220 pounds before the start of the season . Offensive coordinator Franklin said , " You look at him , he was kind of mushy last year . You look at him now and he 's muscular and shaped . He looks more athletic . " 
 " Bart vs. Australia " is the sixteenth episode of the sixth season of The Simpsons . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 19 , 1995 . In the episode , Bart is indicted for fraud in Australia , and the family travels to the country so Bart can apologize . The Australian Parliament decides to give him the additional punishment of a boot to his buttocks , but the Simpson family refuses . Bart later changes his mind and agrees to the punishment , but just as he is about to receive it , he moons the Australians and the family flee back to America . 
 The band 's set list was similar to that of most shows on the PopMart Tour , but with " Sunday Bloody Sunday " in place of The Edge 's karaoke segment and the addition of " Miss Sarajevo " in the second encore . The night was a celebration of the end of the war , with Bono setting the tone by shouting out " Viva Sarajevo ! Fuck the past , kiss the future ! " at the beginning of " Even Better Than the Real Thing " . Bono had struggled with his voice throughout the tour , and the morning of the concert he woke up " without a voice " . There was no intent to cancel , and the show went ahead as planned . Though Bono had few difficulties through the opening quartet of " Mofo " , " I Will Follow " , " Gone " , and " Even Better Than the Real Thing " , his voice gave out during " Last Night on Earth " . In 2006 , The Edge suggested that Bono 's vocal troubles had been caused by laryngitis or by the stress of the previous few months of touring , though he later remarked that " it didn 't really matter that our lead singer was under the weather because every member of the audience seemed to join in on every song . There was a mass chorus for the whole concert . " 
 Aston Villa 's arch @-@ rivals are Birmingham City , with games between the two clubs known as the Second City Derby . Historically though , West Bromwich Albion have arguably been Villa 's greatest rivals , a view highlighted in a fan survey , conducted in 2003 . The two teams contested three FA Cup finals in the late 19th century . Villa also enjoy less heated local rivalries with Wolverhampton Wanderers and Coventry City . Through the relegation of West Brom and Birmingham City , to the Football League Championship , in the 2005 – 06 season , at the start of 2006 – 07 Premiership season , Villa were the only Midlands club in that League . The nearest opposing team Villa faced during that season was Sheffield United , who played 62 miles ( 100 km ) away in South Yorkshire . For the 2010 – 11 season , West Bromwich Albion were promoted and joined Aston Villa , Wolverhampton Wanderers , and Birmingham City in the Premier League . This marked the first time that the " West Midlands ' Big Four " clubs have been in the Premier League at the same time , and the first time together in the top flight since the 1983 – 84 season . Birmingham were relegated at the end of the 2010 – 11 season , ending this period . 
 The flesh is pallid to bluish in color , slowly turning greenish after being exposed to air ; its taste is mild to slightly acrid . The flesh of the entire mushroom is brittle , and the stem , if bent sufficiently , will snap open cleanly . The latex exuded from injured tissue is indigo blue , and stains the wounded tissue greenish ; like the flesh , the latex has a mild taste . Lactarius indigo is noted for not producing as much latex as other Lactarius species , and older specimens in particular may be too dried out to produce any latex . 
 = = Production = = 
 In its original American broadcast , " Fear of Flying " finished 48th ( tied with Dateline NBC ) in the ratings for the week of December 12 to December 18 , 1994 , with a Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ 6 . The episode was the third highest rated show on the Fox network that week , beaten only by Beverly Hills , 90210 , and Married ... with Children . Since airing , the episode has received many positive reviews from fans and television critics . In July 2007 , Simon Crerar of The Times listed the Cheers cast 's performance as one of the thirty @-@ three funniest cameos in the history of the show . 
 The fieldfare is 25 cm ( 10 in ) long , with a grey crown , neck and rump , a plain brown back , dark wings and tail and white underwings . The breast and flanks are heavily spotted . The breast has a reddish wash and the rest of the underparts are white . The sexes are similar in appearance but the females are slightly more brown . The male has a simple chattering song and the birds have various guttural flight and alarm calls . 
 Personnel 
 = = = = Chapel of Our Lady of Guadalupe = = = = 
 " Something Borrowed " was first broadcast on the digital channel BBC Three on 5 March 2008 at 9 : 50 pm , straight after the BBC Two broadcast of the preceding episode " A Day in the Death " at 9 : 00 pm . The episode was first broadcast on BBC Two on 12 March at 9 : 00 pm , with a pre @-@ watershed repeat airing on 13 March at 7 : 00 pm . According to consolidated figures the episode was viewed by 0 @.@ 98 million viewers on BBC Three , 2 @.@ 76 million viewers for its 12 March BBC Two showing and 1 @.@ 02 million viewers for the pre @-@ watershed repeat amounting to an aggregated 4 @.@ 76 million viewers across its three initial showings . The episode was also available to watch on the online catch up service BBC iPlayer , where it was the 12th most viewed individual broadcast between 1 January and 31 March 2008 . 
 = = = 2007 : Holding off young rivals = = = 
 Federer and Djokovic first played in a Grand Slam final at the 2007 US Open where the three @-@ time reigning champion and world No. 1 Federer emerged victorious in straight sets . Federer ended Djokovic 's perfect 41 – 0 start to the 2011 season in the semifinals of the French Open , but Djokovic was able to avenge this loss at the 2011 US Open in five sets after saving two match points against Federer for the second straight year . In the semifinals of Wimbledon 2012 , Federer beat defending champion and world No. 1 Djokovic in four sets . The two met again during the finals of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships with Djokovic emerging victorious after 5 sets . Federer also ended Djokovic 's 28 straight wins in China at 2014 Shanghai Open . Federer and Djokovic rematched in the 2015 Wimbledon Championships with Djokovic once again claiming victory in four sets . The pair met once more for the final major of the season , the 2015 US Open and once more Djokovic prevailed in 4 sets . Many experts have included the rivalry between Federer and Djokovic as one of the best rivalries in the Open Era . 
 U @-@ 3 was 138 feet 9 inches ( 42 m ) long by 14 feet ( 4 @.@ 3 m ) abeam and had a draft of 12 feet 6 inches ( 3 @.@ 81 m ) . She displaced 240 tonnes ( 260 short tons ) surfaced and 300 tonnes ( 330 short tons ) submerged . She was armed with two bow 45 @-@ centimeter ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) torpedo tubes , and was designed to carry up to three torpedoes . 
 In the first decade of the 21st century WNO gave more than 120 performances a year , with a repertoire , generally , of eight full @-@ scale operas . Its regular audience figures totalled over 150 @,@ 000 annually , in ten principal venues , three of them in Wales and seven in England . During this period the company was criticised for being insufficiently Welsh . A local politician , Adam Price , said that WNO ought to have a Welsh musical director ; Alun Hoddinott said in 2004 , " WNO has put on perhaps four or five Welsh operas over 20 years . ... They just seem to have an anti @-@ Welsh music bias . I am sad that they do not do something for Welsh composers , especially young ones . " A more positive view of WNO came from Scotland , where the two main newspapers , The Scotsman and The Herald , greeted a visit from the company in 2005 with enthusiastic praise , contrasting the flourishing of opera in Wales with its neglect by politicians in Scotland and the consequent decline of Scottish Opera . In 2010 WNO commissioned Gair ar Gnawd ( " Word on Flesh " ) , by Pwyll ap Siôn and Menna Elfyn , with words in Welsh , described as " a contemporary story about Wales today ... inspired by the translation of the Bible " . 
 = = Legal framework = = 
 In March 1992 , the band returned to the studio . With new songs written primarily on the road , the material has an overall darker feel than Facelift , with six of the album 's thirteen songs dealing with the subject of addiction . " We did a lot of soul searching on this album . There 's a lot of intense feelings . " Cantrell said , " We deal with our daily demons through music . All of the poison that builds up during the day we cleanse when we play " . 
 = = = First quarter = = = 
 FA Cup : 2011 – 12 
 Dudgeon Creek 
 Richard Vernon as Colonel Hebron 
 Joel Taylor from Amusement Business praised the ride saying , " In all , it 's an exhilarating 2 1 / 2 minutes from start to finish . " He was also impressed with the ride 's smoothness and overall excitement , stating that the ride is , " smooth and comfortable while delivering twisting , stomach @-@ churning excitement . " 
 = = Battle = = 
 In the Middle Ages , the Strand became the principal route between the separate settlements of the City of London ( the civil and commercial centre ) and the royal Palace of Westminster ( the national political centre ) . In the archaeological record , there is considerable evidence of occupation to the north of Aldwych , but much along the former foreshore has been covered by rubble from the demolition of the Tudor Somerset Place , a former royal residence , to create a large platform for the building of the first Somerset House , in the 17th century . The landmark Eleanor 's Cross was built in the 13th century at the western end of the Strand at Charing Cross by Edward I commemorating his wife Eleanor of Castile . It was demolished in 1647 by the request of Parliament during the First English Civil War , but reconstructed in 1865 . 
 Hamels started his 2009 season by signing a three @-@ year , $ 20 @.@ 5 million contract with the Phillies . On February 14 , the first day of spring training for pitchers and catchers , when asked who the Opening Day starter would be , manager Charlie Manuel responded , " Yeah , you might as well go ahead and pencil him in . I don 't think there 's any sense in me playing games . Go ahead , pencil him in . " 
 = = = Multi @-@ sport events = = = 
 The ordinance was nevertheless seen as ambiguous in that it did not specifically address the slaves already in the territories , and it discussed the " free " population of the territories seemingly implying that a slave population would exist . French traders in the territories , and later even American army officers ( including Josiah Snelling who commanded his namesake fort ) , continued to hold slaves with the blessings of many in Congress . 
 Fowler featured rarely in his final Liverpool season , making only six league starts . Bizarrely , all three of his League goals were penalties against Sheffield United . One of these was in the away game on the opening day of the season , and the other two in the reverse fixture at Anfield . Appearances in other competitions were more common due to Rafael Benítez 's squad rotation policy . On 25 October 2006 Fowler was named as Liverpool 's captain for the first time since his return in a League Cup tie against Reading , scoring just before half @-@ time in a 4 – 3 win . 
 The presence of T. cruzi is diagnostic of Chagas disease . It can be detected by microscopic examination of fresh anticoagulated blood , or its buffy coat , for motile parasites ; or by preparation of thin and thick blood smears stained with Giemsa , for direct visualization of parasites . Microscopically , T. cruzi can be confused with Trypanosoma rangeli , which is not known to be pathogenic in humans . Isolation of T. cruzi can occur by inoculation into mice , by culture in specialized media ( for example , NNN , LIT ) ; and by xenodiagnosis , where uninfected Reduviidae bugs are fed on the patient 's blood , and their gut contents examined for parasites . 
 = = Epidemiology = = 
 The area soon became a tourist attraction for the early South Australian colonists , and was a popular destination for picnickers . In 1851 Francis Clark wrote that " Waterfall Gully is the most picturesque place for a picnic that I have ever visited " , and by the 1860s the area had become known throughout Adelaide . The use of Waterfall Gully as picnic spot was facilitated by the decision of the government of the day not to subdivide the area containing the waterfalls . Section 920 , as it was designated , did not enter into private hands , and thus members of the public were able to access the area from the nearby suburb of Eagle on the Hill on Mount Barker road . The position of the Eagle on the Hill hotel proved advantageous for this , as it permitted visitors to stop by for lunch before walking down the hill in the afternoon . 
 Some condom @-@ like devices are intended for entertainment only , such as glow @-@ in @-@ the dark condoms . These novelty condoms may not provide protection against pregnancy and STDs . 
 The 1972 hurricane season was the first year in which quasi @-@ tropical cyclones were named , by using the NATO phonetic alphabet . At the time , the names were applied to large subtropical cyclones and small neutercanes , both of which were later combined into one category . 
 Asked in a 2003 interview about his most enduring achievement as president of the FIA , Mosley replied : " I think using Formula One to push ENCAP Crash @-@ Testing . " The European New Car Assessment Programme ( Euro NCAP ) is a European car safety performance assessment programme that originated with work done by the Transport Research Laboratory for the UK Department for Transport . The FIA became involved in the programme in 1996 , taking a lead in promoting it , and Mosley chaired the body from its launch as Euro NCAP in 1997 to 2004 . Despite what NCAP describes as a " strong negative response " from car manufacturers at first , the initiative has expanded , and NCAP says that there has been a clear increase in the safety of modern cars as a result . The EU commission in 2000 stated that " EuroNCAP had become the single most important mechanism for achieving advances in vehicle safety " and " the most cost effective road safety action available to the EU . " Mosley has continued to promote the matter through his membership of initiatives such as CARS 21 , the European Commission ’ s policy group aimed at improving the worldwide competitiveness of the European automotive industry . 
 The 130th Engineer Brigade served as the Combined Joint Civil Military Operations Task Force ( CJMOTF ) for Balikatan 2011 in the Philippines . For over two months , the brigade headquarters along with platoons from the 84th Engineer Battalion built schools and all @-@ purpose facilities . Meanwhile , the brigade 's subordinate joint partners conducted veterinarian and medical events to help improve the lives of the Filipino people . This event sharpened the brigade 's skills at responding to humanitarian aid and disaster response ( HADR ) events throughout the region . Upon completion of BK11 , the brigade shifted its training focus from stability operations to major combat operations . Specifically , the brigade initiated a 9 @-@ month train @-@ up plan for its MCTP graded war @-@ fighter with the 2nd Infantry Division in Korea . Through a series of individual and collective training events the brigade honed , sharpened and in some cases re @-@ learned the skills necessary to achieve victory in a high @-@ intensity conflict . Through UFG12 , 2ID 's War @-@ Path II Exercise , and finally the Full Spectrum Exercise in November 2011 , the 130th Engineer Brigade earned some of the highest marks and accolades ever given to a brigade by the MCTP during a certification war @-@ fighter exercise . Through these series of exercises , the 130th Engineer Brigade helped USFK , 8th Army , and 2ID refine and improve their most significant OPLANs by updating TPFDDs , task organizations , engineer concepts of operations , and combined arms gap @-@ crossing plans . The 130th Engineer Brigade , along with 8th Army and 2ID remain ready to " Fight Tonight " if called upon . 
 = = = October = = = 
 Nuskhuri , like Asomtavruli is also often highly stylized . Writers readily formed ligatures and abbreviations for nomina sacra , including diacritics called karagma , which resemble titla . Because writing materials such as vellum were scarce and therefore precious , abbreviating was a practical measure widespread in manuscripts and hagiography by the 11th century . 
 155Eu ( half @-@ life 4 @.@ 7612 years ) has a fission yield of 330 parts per million ( ppm ) for uranium @-@ 235 and thermal neutrons ; most of it is transmuted to non @-@ radioactive and nonabsorptive gadolinium @-@ 156 by the end of fuel burnup . 
 San hunter and gatherers , ancestors of the Khoisani peoples , were the first known inhabitants of the region that is now Mozambique , followed in the 1st and 4th centuries by Bantu @-@ speaking peoples who migrated there across the Zambezi River . In 1498 , Portuguese explorers landed on the Mozambican coastline . Portugal 's influence in East Africa grew throughout the 16th century ; she established several colonies known collectively as Portuguese East Africa . Slavery and gold became profitable for the Europeans ; influence was largely exercised through individual settlers and there was no centralised administration and , in the meantime , Portugal had turned her attention to India and Brazil . 
 The city is located in an area in which the Pampero and the Sudestada winds pass by . Being located in the Pampas , the weather is variable due to the contrasting air masses and frontal storms . The Pampero wind brings in cold , dry air from the south while warm humid tropical air produces sultry nortes ( a gentle wind usually from the northeast formed by trade winds and the South Atlantic High that brings cloudy , hot , and humid weather and is responsible for bringing heat waves ) . Often , the passage of the Pampero winds occurs as a cold front passes through , leading to strong gusts from the south or southeast , a decrease in humidity and temperature , and an increase in the atmospheric pressure . When the cold Pampero winds meet with warm humid air from the north , thunderstorms are produced . The Sudestada winds are formed when a high pressure system located in southern Argentina interacts with a low pressure system over Uruguay and southern Brazil . When Sudestadas form , they bring long periods of precipitation , cloudy weather and cooler temperatures . These are common during the winter months . Because the Sudestada brings the highest wind speeds ( particularly when these winds are combined with the astronomical tides ) , the Sudestada is responsible for floods that occur in low @-@ lying areas . Its geomorphology along with inadequate drainage network and infrastructure , a flat landscape , and low elevations ( much of Buenos Aires lies between 4 and 24 metres ( 13 and 79 ft ) above sea level ) makes Buenos Aires highly vulnerable to flooding , particularly during heavy rainfall . Flooding impacts the neighbourhoods La Boca and Barracas which are in the southern parts of the city , more low @-@ lying and inhabited by poor people ( of low socioeconomic status ) . 
 Fully qualified children of recipients are eligible for admission to the United States military academies without regard to the nomination and quota requirements . 
 = = Artifacts , museums and locations today = = 
 The teaching is often based on non @-@ traditional interpretations of Bible verses , the Book of Malachi often being given special attention . While Malachi has generally been celebrated by Christians for its passages about the messiah , teachers of prosperity theology usually draw attention to its descriptions of physical wealth . Frequently quoted verses include : 
 The codex is a palimpsest , meaning that the original text was scraped off and overwritten and the parchment leaves folded in half . The upper text was written by a minuscule hand and contains lectionary 299 ( ℓ 299 ) from the 12th or 13th century , though the lectionary text is not complete ; it is written on 176 leaves ( 28 @.@ 7 cm by 18 @.@ 2 cm ) , in one column per page , 33 @-@ 36 lines per page . Three folios are only the lower halves of leaves , one folio was supplied with paper ( folio LXVIII ) . The manuscript contains weekday Gospel lessons ( Evangelistarium ) , but is lacunose . Tregelles did not collate its text because of its secondary value . Scrivener designated it by siglum 200 , Gregory by 299 . 
 Both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers offered lavish praise for the game 's aesthetics , level design , and gameplay , which became legacies of the game . Some called it " charm " . Delgrego of Nintendo Life would stop mid @-@ game just to watch what enemies would do . Martin Watts of the same publication called it " an absolute pleasure on the eyes and unlike any other SNES game " . Others praised the control scheme , technical effects , and sound design . Nintendo Life 's Delgrego felt " goosebumps and tingles " during the ending theme , and marked the soundtrack 's range from the lighthearted intro to the " epic grandeur of the final boss battle " . 
 In 1915 and 1916 , Michelena wrote the regular newspaper column " Talks with Screen @-@ struck Girls " , carried at first by the San Rafael Independent on Tuesdays but then appeared on Sundays in other newspapers : San Francisco Examiner and the Prescott Journal @-@ Miner ( Arizona ) . She wrote about the ideal qualities found in an actress , and what girls might do to develop them . She received a torrent of letters from readers — many were from girls asking " Must I be able to ride " and " Must I be able to swim " . In response , Michelena described in the column how those skills were helpful to a movie actress , but not absolutely necessary ; she said they " are accessories to , rather than the substance of the thing ... I would advise every girl entering motion pictures to learn to ride and swim and do all the rest of it , but I would have her realize their subordination to the really artistic side of the profession . " ' 
 On June 21 , 2010 , six performers in the West End of London show Thriller – Live released " Speechless " as a single with the official name " Speechless – The Tribute to Michael Jackson " to commemorate the one @-@ year anniversary of Jackson 's death . All proceeds from the recording were donated to the charity War Child . 
 Flows in the river are swelled by discharges from several sewage treatment works . The three largest are at Princes Marsh , Petersfield and Ambersham , all of which have outflows between 0 @.@ 22 and 1 @.@ 10 million imperial gallons ( 1 and 5 Ml ) per day , with another three discharging between 0 @.@ 022 and 0 @.@ 220 million imperial gallons ( 0 @.@ 1 and 1 Ml ) per day at Rogate , Coultershaw and Fittleworth . The entire river , including parts of some of its tributaries , is designated as a Site of Nature Conservation Importance by the local authorities through which it flows , in recognition of its value for wildlife . The upper reaches of the Rother are important for their fish populations of brown trout , grayling , juvenile sea trout , and the spawning and early development of salmonids . There are also populations of bullhead , eel , lamprey , minnow and stone loach . There has been some concern about declining fish stocks , thought to be partly caused by soil erosion , leading to silt and sediments being deposited on the river bed , which has been exacerbated by low flows in the river . Parts of the lower river support the same types of fish , but there are areas , particularly immediately upstream of weirs , where the major species are bream , pike and roach , with chubb , dace and perch on the lowest reaches . In order to assist the movement of fish along the river , particularly those that migrate to the headwaters to spawn , fish passes have been constructed around the gauging stations . The only known population of native white clawed crayfish in Sussex is located in the upper reaches of the Rother . 
 Douglas became involved in the Everglades in the 1920s , when she joined the board of the Everglades Tropical National Park Committee , a group led by Ernest F. Coe and dedicated to the idea of making a national park in the Everglades . By the 1960s , the Everglades were in imminent danger of disappearing forever because of gross mismanagement in the name of progress and real estate and agricultural development . Encouraged to get involved by the leaders of environmental groups , in 1969 — at the age of 79 — Douglas founded Friends of the Everglades to protest the construction of a jetport in the Big Cypress portion of the Everglades . She justified her involvement saying , " It is a woman 's business to be interested in the environment . It 's an extended form of housekeeping . " 
 = = Pregnancy = = 
 Until at least the eighteenth century , shamanism was at the core of Manchu spiritual life and differentiated Manchus from Han Chinese even as Manchu Bannermen garrisoned in various Chinese cities were adopting many aspects of the Chinese lifestyle . In 1747 the Qianlong Emperor ( r . 1735 – 1796 ) commissioned the publication of a " Shamanic Code " to revive and regulate shamanic practices , which he feared were becoming lost . He had it distributed to Bannermen to guide their practice , but we know very little about the effect of this policy . Mongols and Han Chinese were forbidden to attend shamanic ceremonies . Partly because of their secret aspect , these rituals attracted the curiosity of Beijing dwellers and visitors to the Qing capital . Even after the " Shamanic Code " was translated into Chinese and published in the 1780s , outsiders had little understanding of these practices . 
 = = List of whole @-@ number powers = = 
 Peters was born in North Rhine @-@ Westphalia , Germany . He began riding at age seven , and competing in weekend dressage shows . By 15 , he was competing outside of Germany , at international competitions in Belgium and Denmark . He received his first horse , Udon , at age 16 as a gift from his father ; this horse would carry him to a bronze medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics . In 1984 , he spent the summer training in San Diego , California , before returning to Germany to perform his army service . In 1985 , he returned to the United States with Udon . In 1991 , he opened his own barn and acquired his first sponsor , Lila Kommerstad , who purchased Udon and as of 2012 owned a portion of Peters ' Arroyo Del Mar training barn . Peters gained his US citizenship in 1992 , saying , " The whole idea of being so patriotic , of feeling so close to one 's country makes a difference . There are not too many other countries where the people are so patriotic . I really enjoy this about America . " Peters continues to live in the San Diego area with his wife , Shannon . Their large dressage barn is home to approximately 65 horses as of 2012 , around half of which the couple trains and the other half of which are in training under other riders . Outside of his competition and training schedule , he teaches in around 30 training seminars each year . His staff call him " a machine " with regard to his training and competition schedule , and in addition to riding , he participates in swimming , cycling and tennis . 
 = = = Major world championships = = = 
 Dixie and Kiddy uncover the extinct volcanic island of Krematoa . They meet Boomer , an exiled member of the Brothers Bear , inside his Anderson shelter . He agrees to destroy the rocks hindering the path in exchange for bonus coins . After Dixie and Kiddy find all bonus coins and five cogwheels hidden in Krematoa , the duo give the cogs to Boomer , who puts them into a machine which reactivates Krematoa , revealing the Knautilus , K. Roolenstein 's personal submarine . The Kongs board the submarine and battle against him in there , however he escapes once again . 
 <formula> is the electromagnetic field tensor . 
 = = = Equations of motion = = = 
 According to Suetonius , Domitian wholly feigned his interest in arts and literature , and never bothered to acquaint himself with classic authors . Other passages , alluding to Domitian 's love of epigrammatic expression , suggest that he was in fact familiar with classic writers , while he also patronized poets and architects , founded artistic Olympics , and personally restored the library of Rome at great expense after it had burned down . 
 Diderot , Mirabeau and Vergniaud briefly participated in the occupation of Constantinople after the end of the war and the latter two ships were sent to the Black Sea in early 1919 during the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War . Vergniaud 's crew mutinied after one of its members was killed when a protest against intervention in support of the Whites was bloodily suppressed and forced the return of the French ships supporting the Whites . Mirabeau ran aground in February 1919 off the coast of the Crimea and could not be refloated until some of her guns and armor were removed . 
 On December 31 , 2008 , Bellaire police officers confronted Robbie Tolan , the son of former Major League Baseball player Bobby Tolan , in the driveway of his house at the 800 block of Woodstock . Officers suspected Tolan , who was unarmed , of stealing a sports utility vehicle in the driveway and shot Tolan in the chest ; Tolan 's family owned the vehicle . Tolan was hospitalized with injuries to one lung and a liver . The incident sparked allegations of racial profiling . Members of minority groups reported that Bellaire police racially profiled people . In 2002 , José Cruz , Jr . , son of baseball player José Cruz , was stopped since his vehicle was missing a front license plate . He was arrested by Bellaire police and spent one night in jail after Bellaire law enforcement told him that he had a warrant for his arrest . The Houston Chronicle said that the Bellaire police decision to arrest Cruz was a mistake . In January 2009 , Cruz accused the police of racial profiling . Mayor Cindy Siegel said that she was unaware of racial profiling by police . Siegel announced that the city will investigate racial profiling and hire an independent consultant to look at traffic stop data . The local National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) branch said that it established a pact with the City of Bellaire ; people may report civil rights violations from Bellaire Police to the branch if the people do not wish to contact the City of Bellaire . However , the NAACP branch has not yet provided the city with any civil rights violations . On April 6 , 2009 , a Harris County grand jury indicted Sergeant Jeffrey Cotton , the police officer , for aggravated assault by a public servant . If convicted , Cotton could face up to life in prison . In addition the family sued the police department and the police officer . The upcoming trial in Harris County District Court on criminal felony charges against Cotton began on January 25 , 2010 . Jury selection was scheduled to begin on May 3 , 2010 . The officer was found not guilty in his criminal trial in May 2010 . 
 Unlike the straightforward narrative of the attacks on Dál Riata , a number of interpretations have been offered of the relations between Óengus , Eadberht and Æthelbald in the period from 740 to 750 . One suggestion is that Óengus and Æthelbald were allied against Eadberht , or even that they exercised a joint rulership of Britain , or bretwaldaship , Óengus collecting tribute north of the River Humber and Æthelbald south of the Humber . This rests largely on a confused passage in Symeon of Durham 's Historia Regum Anglorum , and it has more recently been suggested that the interpretation offered by Frank Stenton — that it is based on a textual error and that Óengus and Æthelbald were not associated in any sort of joint overlordship — is the correct one . 
 Critics have argued whether the triptych should be read sequentially from left to right . Davies believes the work is a narrative , panoramic view of Dyer 's suicide , and that the triptych 's format implies a temporal continuity between each frame . Ernst van Alphen has argued that , notwithstanding spatial inconsistencies — the light bulb featured in the central panel is missing from the two outer canvasses , while the doorway view is reversed in the center panel — the triptych is a " plain representation of a story " . 
 = = = Sensory organs = = = 
 The lyrical style varies depending on culture , denomination , and country . For example , in Northern Europe the bands with Lutheran members usually prefer a personal lyrical approach , which is seldom meant to " convert " in an aggressive manner , since evangelism has been more typical among American bands . Christian bands never deny their conviction but typically avoid preaching , and sometimes the matter is left unexpressed , leaving religion as a private issue of the listener . Certain bands choose to deal with every day life experiences from a Christian perspective in order to draw both Christian and non @-@ Christian listeners . In such cases , identifying a " Christian band " can be difficult . Secular bands that occasionally deal with Christian topics are a different matter altogether . Defining a Christian band is a much debated issue on Christian metal forums . A Christian band is expected to have either professed Christian members or a Christian message , preferably both . 
 When Lefty and Desdemona are forced to immigrate to the United States , they have different mindsets . Whereas Lefty embraces his new country 's customs , Desdemona is adamant that she will follow her old country 's ways . For example , she is angered that her " immigrant hair " is chopped off because she does not want to " look like an Amerikanidha " and decides to regrow her hair immediately . Lefty attempts to assimilate into American culture by zealously learning English . Lina , the cousin of Lefty and Desdemona , is the paragon of immigrant integration . Cal noted : " In the five years since leaving Turkey , Sourmelina had managed to erase just about everything identifiably Greek about her . " 
 In 2003 , Bonds first became embroiled in a scandal when Greg Anderson of the Bay Area Laboratory Co @-@ operative ( BALCO ) , Bonds ' trainer since 2000 , was indicted by a federal grand jury in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and charged with supplying anabolic steroids to athletes , including a number of baseball players . This led to speculation that Bonds had used performance @-@ enhancing drugs during a time when there was no mandatory testing in Major League Baseball . Bonds declared his innocence , attributing his changed physique and increased power to a strict regimen of bodybuilding , diet and legitimate supplements . 
 Beginning in 2006 , Living River Siam began training other grassroots organizations in Thai Baan research , beginning with the Vietnam Rivers Network and expanding to a Chinese group in 2007 . In 2008 they worked with the Burma Rivers Network to conduct research on the Salween River . They also assisted a United Nations @-@ funded NGO , the Mekong Wetlands Biodiversity Programme ( MWBP ) , with running Thai Baan research in 2004 . Living River Siam , along with the MWBP , organizes cross @-@ basin coordination between Thai Baan research groups . 
 " The Muppet Show Theme " – The Muppets 
 Assay Commission medals were struck from a variety of metals , including copper , silver , bronze , and pewter . The first Assay Commission medals were struck in 1860 at the direction of Mint Director James Ross Snowden . The initial purpose in having medals struck was not principally to provide keepsakes to the assay commissioners , but to advertise the Mint 's medal @-@ striking capabilities . The nascent custom lapsed when Snowden left office in 1861 . 
 19 June 2009 – Oldest living man in the world following the death of Japanese man Tomoji Tanabe 
 Stanley Internment Camp ( Chinese : 赤柱拘留營 ) was a civilian internment camp in Hong Kong during World War II . Located in Stanley , on the southern end of Hong Kong Island , it was used by the Japanese imperial forces to hold non @-@ Chinese enemy nationals after their victory in the Battle of Hong Kong , a battle in the Pacific campaign of World War II . About 2 @,@ 800 men , women , and children were held at the non @-@ segregated camp for 44 months from early January 1942 to August 1945 when Japanese forces surrendered . The camp area consisted of St. Stephen 's College and the grounds of Stanley Prison , excluding the prison itself . 
 Two main divisions of quarters existed – the Warders ' Quarters and the Indian Quarters . Before the war , the Warders ' Quarters housed European warders , with large flats designed for one family each , and the Indian Quarters housed Indian prison guards , built with smaller flats . An average of thirty internees lived in each Warders ' Quarters flat , and an average of six internees lived in each Indian Quarters flat . 
 = = Postseason = = 
 Depending on maturity , breed , and work expected , horses are usually put under saddle and trained to be ridden between the ages of two and four . Although Thoroughbred race horses are put on the track as young as the age of two in some countries , horses specifically bred for sports such as dressage are generally not put under saddle until they are three or four years old , because their bones and muscles are not solidly developed . For endurance riding competition , horses are not deemed mature enough to compete until they are a full 60 calendar months ( five years ) old . 
 During the English Civil War between the supporters of Charles I and Parliament , Weymouth was predominantly Parliamentarian in loyalty and the surrounding forts were held by their garrisons . Robert Dormer , the Earl of Carnarvon , entered Dorset with an army in 1643 and Weymouth surrendered , resulting in Sandsfoot Castle being controlled by the Royalists between August 1643 and June 1644 . During this period the castle may have been used as a Royalist mint . Robert Devereux , the Earl of Essex , then retook the county for Parliament ; Colonel William Ashburnham , the Royalist governor of Weymouth , retreated to Portland Castle without a fight . Devereux approached Sandsfoot and , after three hours of negotiations , the fort surrendered to him . In 1647 , Parliament ordered the garrison at the castle to be demobilised but this did not occur , and John Hayne was appointed as its new captain . 
 = = Background and initial revolts = = 
 In January 1884 , Beaty was working as an assistant engineer at the Cincinnati water works when Henrietta Vinton Davis , a prominent African American actress , came to perform in the city . Together , he and Davis put on a large musical and dramatic festival in Melodeon Hall which proved to be very successful . Included in the show were productions of Ingomar , the Barbarian and Robert Montgomery Bird 's The Gladiator , in which Beaty took the role of Spartacus . The culmination of the festival was a performance of selected scenes from Macbeth , with Beaty playing the title role and Davis as Lady Macbeth . Newspapers in both the black and white communities of Cincinnati praised the performances of the two actors , with the Commercial stating that Beaty " threw himself into his part with masterly energy and power " . 
 According to Martin Noth , a scholar of the Hebrew Bible , the narratives of Isaac date back to an older cultural stage than that of the West @-@ Jordanian Jacob . At that era , the Israelite tribes were not yet sedentary . In the course of looking for grazing areas , they had come in contact in southern Philistia with the inhabitants of the settled countryside . The biblical historian , A. Jopsen , believes in the connection between the Isaac traditions and the north , and in support of this theory adduces Amos 7 : 9 ( " the high places of Isaac " ) . 
 The commission reported to the legislature November 10 , 1910 . Its findings were split into two reports : a majority report from Justices Scott and Harvey , and a minority report from Justice Beck . 
 They are driven out from Kabul by a servant from the Embassy . They stay in a tall mud house in a place with mulberry trees , vines and willows by a river . Hugh puts the dinner guests to sleep with a complicated story " about an anaconda killing a horse " . 
 = = Prelude to the battle = = 
 In September 2014 , Bell starred with her husband , Dax Shephard , in a commercial for the Samsung Galaxy Tab S. It was so popular ( with over 20 million YouTube views ) that they did another for the holiday season . The ad agency McKinney was behind both . In 2016 , Bell voiced the sloth Priscilla in the animated comedy film Zootopia and starred as Claire in the comedy film The Boss . She will appear in the 2016 comedy film Bad Moms , and the 2017 action comedy CHiPs . Bell will also star as the main character , Eleanor , in the NBC comedy series The Good Place , which is set to premiere in the fall of 2016 . 
 In 1875 , Haggard was sent to Cape Town , South Africa as secretary to Sir Henry Bulwer , the lieutenant @-@ governor of Natal . Haggard wrote in his memoirs of his aspirations to become a colonial governor himself , and of his youthful excitement at the prospects . The major event during his time in Africa was Britain 's annexation of the Transvaal in 1877 . Haggard was part of the expedition that established British control over the Boer republic , and which helped raise the Union flag over the capital of Pretoria on 24 May 1877 . Writing of the moment , Haggard declared : 
 The series is noted for its high quality of acting talent , and is one of the aspects of the films that is always praised . The visual and practical effects are considered some of the best ever done on film , so much so that audiences believed certain CGI elements of the films were real and done practically . The plot and story to the first three sequels received mixed reviews , with the general consensus that they were too bloated and convoluted to follow . Pirates of the Caribbean is noted for reinvigorating the pirates genre of film after decades of either no pirate films , or failed films . The success of the series saw Disney try to replicate Pirates ' success by launching films such as Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time and The Lone Ranger . 
 = = = Plasma potential = = = 
 In 1846 , Hastings was nominated to represent Iowa at large in the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat . On December 29 , 1846 , he was elected over the Whig candidate G. C. R. Mitchell . He was the second youngest member serving in Congress at that time . He served during the second session of the 29th United States Congress , which ended on March 3 , 1847 . Close to a year after his term ended as a member of the House of Representatives , Governor Ansel Briggs appointed him as the third Chief Justice of the Iowa Supreme Court . He started his term on January 26 , 1848 , and resigned on January 14 , 1849 to move to California , his family deciding to stay in Iowa . 
 At age 15 , Lennon formed the skiffle group , the Quarrymen . Named after Quarry Bank High School , the group was established by him in September 1956 . By the summer of 1957 , the Quarrymen played a " spirited set of songs " made up of half skiffle and half rock and roll . Lennon first met Paul McCartney at the Quarrymen 's second performance , held in Woolton on 6 July at the St. Peter 's Church garden fête , after which he asked McCartney to join the band . 
 On February 23 , 1976 , Bundy stood trial for the DaRonch kidnapping , waiving his right to a jury on the advice of his attorney , John O 'Connell , due to the publicity surrounding the case . On March 1 , after a four @-@ day trial and a weekend of deliberation , Judge Stewart Hanson Jr. found him guilty of kidnapping and assault . He was sentenced to 1 to 15 years in the Utah State Prison on June 30 . In October he was found hiding in bushes in the prison yard carrying an " escape kit " — road maps , airline schedules , and a social security card — and spent several weeks in solitary confinement . Later that month , Colorado authorities charged him with Caryn Campbell 's murder . After a period of resistance , he waived extradition proceedings and was transferred to Aspen in January 1977 . 
 February 1 : Lynda Ann Healy ( 21 ) : Bludgeoned while asleep and abducted ; skull and mandible recovered at Taylor Mountain site 
 While keeping a lower profile in English @-@ speaking regions , in Japan , it is regarded as one of the biggest role @-@ playing video game series . 1UP.com 's Jeremy Parish , speaking in 2001 , referred to it as the third biggest RPG series in Japan behind Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest . Gamasutra 's Brandon Sheffield echoed these sentiments , stating that " While the series doesn 't have quite the cultural cache of Final Fantasy in the West or Dragon Quest in Japan , it 's still a very popular brand worldwide " . IGN 's Anoop Gantayat additionally referred to it as the third biggest Japanese role @-@ playing series in regards to sales . Multiple entries in the series , notably Destiny and Legendia have been favorably compared with fighting games and brawlers , especially the Street Fighter series . GameTrailers ranked the Linear Motion Battle System , with particular reference to Graces , as one of the top five JRPG battle systems . Their stories and characters have generally received a more mixed response from western critics : opinions on entries such as Legendia , Abyss , Xillia were mixed to positive , while others such as Symphonia , Graces and Xillia 2 were criticized . The main criticism for these games and Legendia was that the story was either predictable or cliché . The in @-@ game graphics have also drawn mixed responses for several games in the series , including Destiny , Eternia , Graces and Xillia . 
 In 2009 , the CPS organised " A Day for Doreen " , an event in central London dedicated to Valiente . Sixteen speakers from within the Wiccan and Pagan community came to talk at the event , which was a sell @-@ out . 
 = = = Early years = = = 
 Uxbridge Royal Air Force buildings would provide an easy bombing target from all points of view , I feel that our Operations Room at least must go underground ... and the sooner it is put there the better , as not only will the re @-@ installation of communications and apparatus generally take time , but if that machinery is to function smoothly in a sudden emergency , installation must have been completed and the whole layout repeatedly worked and tried out before the danger of such emergency arises . 
 1858 , 11th edition . Richard Bentley & Son , London . 
 Arniston sailed from Great Britain to the Far East eight times before her last voyage . On one of her homeward journeys from China , she struck an uncharted rock at 5 ° 46 ′ 8 ″ S 105 ° 16 ′ 43 ″ E , near the island of Pulo Goondy ( modern day Pulau Legundi ) , located just south of Sumatra . She did not suffer any ill effects as a result of this incident however , which is mentioned in journals of the time only for its noteworthiness as a navigation hazard to other shipping . 
 = = The suspect = = 
 After the war , Hiei alternated her training cruises with Kongō , making the 1897 cruise to the West Coast of North America and Hawaii from 13 April to 20 September and repeating the same cruise from 14 December 1898 to 28 August 1899 . During that cruise , on 21 March 1898 , the ship was re @-@ designated as a 3rd @-@ class coast defense ship , although she retained her training duties . Both ships made the 1902 cruise , their last , to Manila and Australia from 19 February to 25 August . Hiei played a minor role in the Russo @-@ Japanese War before she was reclassified as a survey ship in 1906 . Hiei was stricken from the Navy List on 1 April 1911 and ordered to be sold on 21 December . The exact date of her sale is not known , although Maizuru Naval District reported her sale on 25 March 1912 . 
 The Metro Moncton Area is served by Codiac Transpo , which is operated by the City of Moncton . It operates 40 buses on 19 routes throughout Moncton , Dieppe , and Riverview . 
 In response , steps were taken to better protect the tankers from attack , but losses continued to mount until , in April 1942 , they were banned by the Navy from operating the north @-@ east sea routes . The government and industry took steps to maximise the use of the railroads , increasing the amount of oil carried on them more than ten @-@ fold , but there were shortages of rail tank cars , and the existing fleet of cars was in poor condition . Instead , the United States government began to examine options for the use of pipelines to fulfil the demand for petroleum in the north @-@ east . 
 According to polls conduced by mainstream media , most Japanese people had perceived the flag of Japan as the national flag even before the passage of the Law Regarding the National Flag and National Anthem in 1999 . Despite this , controversies surrounding the use of the flag in school events or media still remain . For example , liberal newspapers such as Asahi Shimbun and Mainichi Shimbun often feature articles critical of the flag of Japan , reflecting their readerships ' political spectrum . To other Japanese , the flag represents the time where democracy was suppressed when Japan was an empire . 
 Entering the Australian Army in 1915 , Lloyd graduated from the Royal Military College , Duntroon in December 1918 as a regular officer in the artillery , too late to see action during the First World War . Lloyd was nicknamed " Gaffer " by the other cadets due to his serious demeanor , and Gavin Long considered him among the " ablest " of the group of officers that joined the Staff Corps at that time . He was appointed as a lieutenant in the Australian Imperial Force upon completing his training at Duntroon and embarked from Sydney in January 1919 , being sent to the United Kingdom and later posted to France . Returning to the Permanent Military Force as the AIF was demobilised , he later completed his training serving with the British Army in England and India in 1919 – 20 . 
 Rosenberg further states that he developed NVC as a way to " get conscious of " what he calls the " Beloved Divine Energy " . 
 Martha Lasley sees similarities with the Focused Conversation Method developed by the Institute of Cultural Affairs ( ICA ) , with NVC 's observations , feelings , needs , and requests components relating to FCM 's objective , reflective , interpretive , and decisional stages . 
 Naming the episode as its " Worst TV Show of the Week " for " strong sexual content , " the Parents Television Council called the episode a " nauseating new low , " criticizing multiple scenes , including Lois making out with a minor , as well as the confrontation between Brian and Karina at the bar . The PTC also criticized Seth MacFarlane for attempting to " elicit disgust " throughout the episode by " [ choosing ] incest and rape " in order to " provoke [ emotions ] . " 
 The trains were built in Goldau , Switzerland . CWA Constructions designed both the exterior and interior of the trains to make them look as faithful as possible to the Hogwarts Express seen in the Harry Potter film franchise . They are based on the steam locomotive GWR 4900 Class 5972 Olton Hall ( as 5972 Hogwarts Castle ) and were built from aluminum and glass @-@ reinforced plastics . Afterwards , an artificial weathering process was applied to give the appearance of a historic train . 
 = = = Protection of sovereignty = = = 
 The two ends of the former railroad are still in use as of 2013 . The section between Barstow and Riverside through Cajon Pass , which includes the disputed crossing in Colton , remains one of the busiest rail freight corridors in the United States , seeing trains of BNSF Railway and Union Pacific Railroad as well as Amtrak 's daily Southwest Chief passenger train . At Cajon the concrete pads that served as the foundations for the railroad 's station facilities and water tanks there remain long after the buildings atop them were removed . The Santa Fe realigned the track at several places during the 20th century to straighten curves along Cajon Creek ( between Cajon and San Bernardino ) , lower grades for eastbound trains with the 1913 addition of a separate track through what has come to be known as Sullivan 's Curve , and to reduce some curvature and lower the pass 's summit elevation by 50 ft ( 15 m ) . 
 = = = The rise of formal black = = = 
 = = Personnel = = 
 = = = Revolution and reconstruction = = = 
 Animals are shown punishing humans , subjecting them to nightmarish torments that may symbolise the seven deadly sins , matching the torment to the sin . Sitting on an object that may be a toilet or a throne , the panel 's centerpiece is a gigantic bird @-@ headed monster feasting on human corpses , which he excretes through a cavity below him , into the transparent chamber pot on which he sits . The monster is sometimes referred to as the " Prince of Hell " , a name derived from the cauldron he wears on his head , perhaps representing a debased crown . To his feet a female has her face reflected on the buttocks of a demon . Further to the left , next to a hare @-@ headed demon , a group of naked persons around a toppled gambling table are being massacred with swords and knives . Other brutal violence is shown by a knight torn down and eaten up by a pack of wolves to the right of the tree @-@ man . 
 Construction of oil @-@ filled transformers requires that the insulation covering the windings be thoroughly dried of residual moisture before the oil is introduced . Drying is carried out at the factory , and may also be required as a field service . Drying may be done by circulating hot air around the core , or by vapor @-@ phase drying ( VPD ) where an evaporated solvent transfers heat by condensation on the coil and core . 
 = = = Background = = = 
 The shows took place against a backdrop of Spears ' life struggles the previous few years that had made her fodder for tabloid reports . These included a two @-@ day marriage , a stormy two @-@ year marriage and divorce and having two children , shaving her head , entering rehabilitation for substance abuse , and various run @-@ ins with the paparazzi . 
 As Farmer 's reputation grew , he expanded from bebop into more experimental forms through working with composers such as George Russell and Teddy Charles . He went on to join Gerry Mulligan 's quartet and , with Benny Golson , to co @-@ found the Jazztet . Continuing to develop his own sound , Farmer switched from trumpet to the warmer flugelhorn in the early 1960s , and he helped to establish the flugelhorn as a soloist 's instrument in jazz . He settled in Europe in 1968 and continued to tour internationally until his death . Farmer recorded more than 50 albums under his own name , a dozen with the Jazztet , and dozens more with other leaders . His playing is known for its individuality – most noticeably , its lyricism , warmth of tone and sensitivity . 
 On 19 March , he scored the opener in the El Derbi madrileño as Real Madrid went on to win the match 2 – 1 . Despite his form , Benzema appeared in only one of the four highly anticipated matches against El Clásico rivals Barcelona , in which the two clubs met in the league , the 2011 Copa del Rey Final and the Champions League knockout stage . In between those clashes , on 23 April 2011 , Benzema scored a goal and assisted on another in a 6 – 3 win over Valencia . On 30 April , he scored a goal in the team 's 3 – 2 loss to Real Zaragoza . It was the only match of the campaign that Real Madrid loss , in which Benzema scored . To close out the campaign , Benzema scored another double in an 8 – 1 win over Almería . He finished the campaign second on the team behind Ronaldo with 26 goals as Real Madrid captured the Copa del Rey giving Benzema his first honour with the club . For his performances during the campaign , particularly during the second half , Benzema was praised by Mourinho , club officials Florentino Pérez and Emilio Butragueño , as well as national team manager Laurent Blanc . 
 In September 2006 , the pilot for Studio 60 aired on NBC , directed by Schlamme . The pilot was critically acclaimed and viewed by over 12 million people , but Studio 60 experienced a significant drop in audience by mid @-@ season . The seething anticipation that preceded the début was followed up by a large amount of thoughtful and scrupulous criticism in the press , as well as largely negative analysis in the blogosphere . In January 2007 , Sorkin spoke out against the press for focusing too heavily on the ratings slide and for using blogs and unemployed comedy writers as sources . After two months on hiatus , Studio 60 resumed to air the last episodes of season one , which would be its only season . 
 " Beautiful Liar " is a contemporary R & B and pop song , which is written in the key of G Phrygian dominant , and set in common time at a tempo of 96 beats per minute . Beyoncé 's vocal range spans from G3 to B ♭ 5 . Anna Pickard of The Guardian found elements of Latino and bounce music . The song opens with Shakira 's vocals accompanied by a piping , Middle Eastern figure , later joined by a mariachi @-@ flavored horn section . Groaning noises can be heard in the background which complement the melody . The names of the two singers are then heard : " Bee on say , be @-@ on @-@ SAY ! Sha kee ra , Sha @-@ ki @-@ RA " . The verses are sung on a mid @-@ tempo , strutting , hip @-@ thrusting arrangement , accented by rapid , flamenco @-@ like hand claps and guitar strums . The song also features Persian instruments such as , oud and ney . 
 = = = Aftermath = = = 
 Doubts continued to be expressed about Perkin @-@ Elmer 's competence on a project of this importance , as their budget and timescale for producing the rest of the OTA continued to inflate . In response to a schedule described as " unsettled and changing daily " , NASA postponed the launch date of the telescope until April 1985 . Perkin @-@ Elmer 's schedules continued to slip at a rate of about one month per quarter , and at times delays reached one day for each day of work . NASA was forced to postpone the launch date until March and then September 1986 . By this time , the total project budget had risen to US $ 1 @.@ 175 billion . 
 There has been much discussion about Gilbert 's proper place in British literary and dramatic history . Was he essentially a writer of burlesque , a satirist , or , as some have argued , the forerunner of the theatre of the absurd ? ... Perhaps he stands most clearly in that distinctively English satirical tradition which stretches back to Jonathan Swift . ... Its leading exponents lampoon and send up the major institutions and public figures of the day , wielding the weapon of grave and temperate irony with devastating effect , while themselves remaining firmly within the Establishment and displaying a deep underlying affection for the objects of their often merciless attacks . It is a combination that remains a continuing enigma . 
 = = Game history = = 
 Master Ninja Tournament 3 started on September 27 and lasted 26 days . Rankings were decided by scores obtained while playing Hurricane Pack 2 , and the prizes were Tecmo apparel and Team Ninja games . This marked the end of official tournaments for Ninja Gaiden , although Microsoft have retained the ranking boards for players to upload their scores . 
 Is Snape good or evil ? 
 Tubenoses have smaller egg clutches and much longer and more variable incubation and fledging times than passerines with similarly sized eggs , resembling swifts in these developmental factors . Tubenoses and swifts have generally secure nest sites , but their food sources are unreliable , whereas passerines are vulnerable in the nest but food is usually plentiful . In the particular case of the storm petrel , it has a body temperature perhaps 3 ° C lower than other small birds , and this may also contribute to the lengthy incubation . 
 However , as more information about fission became available , the possibility that the fragments of nuclear fission could still have been present in the target became more remote . McMillan and several scientists , including Philip H. Abelson , attempted again to determine what was producing the unknown half @-@ life . In early 1940 , McMillan realized that his 1939 experiment with Segrè had failed to test the chemical reactions of the radioactive source with sufficient rigor . In a new experiment , McMillan tried subjecting the unknown substance to HF in the presence of a reducing agent , something he had not done before . This reaction resulted in the sample precipitating with the HF , an action that definitively ruled out the possibility that the unknown substance was a rare earth . Shortly after this , Abelson , who had received his graduate degree from the university , visited Berkeley for a short vacation and McMillan asked the more able chemist to assist with the separation of the experiment 's results . Abelson very quickly observed that whatever was producing the 2 @.@ 3 @-@ day half @-@ life did not have chemistry like any known element and was actually more similar to uranium than a rare earth . This discovery finally allowed the source to be isolated and later , in 1945 , led to the classification of the actinide series . As a final step , McMillan and Abelson prepared a much larger sample of bombarded uranium that had a prominent 23 @-@ minute half @-@ life from 239U and demonstrated conclusively that the unknown 2 @.@ 3 @-@ day half @-@ life increased in strength in concert with a decrease in the 23 @-@ minute activity through the following reaction : 
 Octavarium is the eighth studio album by American progressive metal / rock band Dream Theater . Released on June 7 , 2005 , it was the band 's final release with Atlantic Records . Recorded between September 2004 and February 2005 , the album holds the distinction of being the last album ever recorded at The Hit Factory in New York City . With Octavarium , the band decided to create " a classic Dream Theater album " , drawing upon their various stylistic influences while trying to make the music less complex . The album takes as its creative concept the musical octave . 
 Armstrong married Margaret Irene McFarlane in 1893 at Greenock ( Bruce County ) , Ontario . They had one daughter , Helen Laverne Armstrong . After Margaret died , George remarried to Jessie Mathieson at Elora , Ontario in 1897 . With her he had a son and daughter , William Sloan Seale Armstrong and Jessie Eileen Armstrong Watson . He was a member of a hospital board , the Edmonton Exhibition Board and the Masonic Order . He was affiliated with the Presbyterian Church and later the United Church of Canada , attending Robertson United Church in Edmonton , where he served as an elder . Politically , he aligned himself with the Conservative Party of Canada . In his free time he enjoyed the sports of baseball and football . He died at a hospital in Edmonton on June 9 , 1947 at the age of 80 , after an illness of two weeks . He was survived by his wife and children as well as a brother . He was later interred at the Edmonton Cemetery after his funeral held at Robertson United Church . His wife Jessie died in 1952 and was interred next to him . The Edmonton Historical Board states that Armstrong was remembered as " hardworking , fair and honest person who served our city well during a time of rapid change and growth " . 
 Courbet was the lead ship of her class , the first dreadnoughts built for the French Navy . She was completed before World War I and named in honour of Admiral Amédée Courbet . She spent the war in the Mediterranean , helping to sink the Austro @-@ Hungarian protected cruiser Zenta in August 1914 . She spent the rest of the war providing cover for the Otranto Barrage that blockaded the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy in the Adriatic Sea . Although upgraded several times before World War II , she was not deemed to be a first @-@ class battleship and spent most of the interwar period as a gunnery training ship . 
 Countries conspicuously absent were Spain , South Africa , the People 's Republic of China , and many South American countries . 
 = = Track listings = = 
 On November 13 , 1863 , a teenage Henry Tilden was in the employ of Wilbur Sanders and Sidney Edgerton to locate and corral some horses owned by Sanders and Edgerton . Near Horse Prairie , Tilden was confronted by three armed road agents . He was carrying very little money and was allowed to depart unmolested , but with the warning that if he talked , he would be killed . He did not heed the warning and told Sanders ' wife , Hattie and Sidney Edgerton that he had recognized one of the road agents as sheriff Henry Plummer . Although Tilden 's report was discounted because Plummer was respected , this incident led to increased suspicion in the region that Plummer was the leader of a gang of road agents . 
 His sexual relationship with his surrogate mother , Cordelia , particularly evoked attention . Most responses to this couple were negative . Darkworlds.com 's columnist Amy Berner declared them a " finalist in the Most Disturbing Couple In Television History “ . In her academic essay " The Assassination of Cordelia Chase , " Jennifer Crusie complained that this plot line led to the destruction of Cordelia 's character . Charisma Carpenter herself , despite previously noted to have fun portraying the role , became critical of the storyline over time , declaring her character ’ s seduction of a teenage boy creepy . Yet , a few gave a positive response . Liz Gasto of Moviefreak.com included the Angel – Cordelia – Connor triangle in the plus points of fourth season . Underland.com praised the plot line as a " very King Arthur like tale of love and betrayal . " Another group was neutral towards the development . In his book Blood Relations : Chosen Families in Buffy and Angel , Jes Battis simply observed that the relationship completes the already present “ circuit of erotic incest within Buffy and Angel . ” Jean Lorrah , in her academic essay " A World Without Love : The Failure of Family in Angel , " agreed with previous statements , further noting that Connor is the product of a relationship with incestuous tones : ” Angel is seduced by Darla , formerly his sire ( mother ) , now his granddaughter [ .. ] Connor ’ s life , unbeknownst to either parent , has begun . ” 
 The University of the Air @-@ FM ( JOUD @-@ FM ) : 77 @.@ 1 @-@ MHz 
 Doggett first appears in the fifth episode . She wishes to hang up a cross in Litchfield Penitentiary 's chapel but is refused permission . She ignores this and hangs her cross up on a light fixture ; this causes the entire fixture to fall down and hence damages the chapel 's ceiling . She also displays transphobia ; calling the transgender woman Sophia Burset ( played by Laverne Cox ) an ' abomination ' and ' it ' and blaming her for the damage to the chapel . Doggett has numerous clashes with Alex Vause ( played by Laura Prepon ) ; firstly Vause threatens to rape Doggett after growing tired of her complaining about Piper Chapman ( played by Taylor Schilling ) ; Doggett locks Vause in a dryer while she is helping Chapman to fix it and , lastly , Doggett snitches on Chapman and Vause for dancing provocatively with each other ; resulting in Chapman being placed in solitary confinement . 
 Parks and Recreation faced early production delays because Poehler was pregnant when she signed on ; filming had to be postponed until she gave birth . Principal photography began on February 18 , 2009 . The show was filmed in Southern California , and the construction pit featured throughout the season was dug by the episode 's producers at an undeveloped property in Van Nuys , a district of Los Angeles . The producers went door @-@ to @-@ door in the neighborhood , seeking residents ' permission for the dig . The pit was guarded 24 hours a day , and paparazzi regularly came to the set to take photos of the actors during filming . The exterior of the Pawnee government building , and several of the hallway scenes , were shot at Pasadena City Hall . The parks and recreation department interiors , as well as the Town Hall courtyard , were filmed on a sound stage . The set 's windows were outfitted with water systems to simulate falling rain , and the windowsills included fake pigeons . Scenes set in playgrounds and elsewhere outdoors were filmed on location in Los Angeles , and the public forum scenes in the premiere episode were filmed in one of the city 's middle schools . 
 Critics received season one well . Although the show got the highest number of viewers for a pilot episode for the Fox Network at the time , it steadily dropped in the ratings , which led to it losing the Sunday slot to its sister show , The X @-@ Files . The main cast of the show were Henriksen as Frank Black and Megan Gallagher as Catherine Black . 
 Upon its release , Enter the Wu @-@ Tang ( 36 Chambers ) received rave reviews from most music critics . In an article for The Source , The Ghetto Communicator wrote " This record is harsh , but so is the world that we live in . For B @-@ boys n 'girls who come from the core of the hard , this is the hip @-@ hop album you 've been waiting for " . Rolling Stone 's review was decidedly ambivalent , praising the album 's sound , but noting that " Wu @-@ Tang ... are more ciphers than masterful creations . In refusing to commodify themselves , they leave blank the ultimate canvas — the self . " Entertainment Weekly was more enthusiastic , giving the album an A , and writing that " With its rumble jumble of drumbeats , peppered with occasional piano plunking , Enter has a raw , pass @-@ the @-@ mike flavor we haven 't heard since rap was pop 's best @-@ kept secret . " Robert Christgau found the Wu @-@ Tang Clan " grander " and " goofier " than their West Coast contemporaries and concluded , " Expect the masterwork this album 's reputation suggests and you 'll probably be disappointed--it will speak directly only to indigenous hip hoppers . Expect a glorious human mess , as opposed to the ominous platinum product of their opposite numbers , and you 'll realize the dope game isn 't everyone 's dead @-@ end street " . 
 The first European outpost within modern Indiana was Tassinong , a French trading post established in 1673 near the Kankakee River . French explorer René @-@ Robert Cavelier , Sieur de La Salle came to the area in 1679 , claiming it for King Louis the XIV of France . La Salle came to explore a portage between the St. Joseph and Kankakee rivers , and Father Ribourde , who traveled with La Salle , marked trees along the way . The marks survived to be photographed in the 19th century . In 1681 , La Salle negotiated a common defense treaty between the Illinois and Miami nations against the Iroquois . 
 The bombs and fire lances of the Jin were the only two weapons of the Jurchens that the Mongols were wary of facing . The Jurchen deployment of gunpowder was extensive , but it is not certain if the Mongols had acquired gunpowder from the Jurchens before this point . Herbert Franke maintains that gunpowder was in the arsenal of both combatants , but Turnbull believes that only the Jurchens made use of it . The Mongols loaded their catapults with large stones or bombs of gunpowder , which were fired at the Jin fortifications . The barrage inflicted casualties in the city and had a psychological impact on the soldiers operating the Jurchen trebuchets . 
 " Blood for Poppies " was confirmed as the lead single to launch the album . The song was made available for free digital download from the group 's website after it leaked online early . A digital single was confirmed for release in Australia ; while a limited edition 7 " single , backed with an exclusive remix by Butch Vig , was distributed to independent record stores across North America to mark Record Store Day on April 21 , 2012 . " Battle In Me " was confirmed as the lead @-@ single exclusively for the United Kingdom . A limited edition 7 " vinyl was issued on April 21 to mark Record Store Day , while a proper commercial release followed on May 7 , 2012 . To promote the album , " Automatic Systematic Habit " was released as a free download through iTunes in the US on May 8 , 2012 . " Big Bright World " was released as the album 's second single in Australia on June 1 , 2012 . On July 8 , Manson announced that " Control " was the band 's next US single . 
 = = = Football League 100 Legends = = = 
 In Robin Sloan 's fantasy novel Mr. Penumbra 's 24 @-@ Hour Bookstore several character names derive from historical figures associated with the Garamond typeface . 
 = = = Colors and bioluminescence = = = 
 = Fightin ' Texas Aggie Band = 
 Tuskegee ( Taskigi ) – located at the confluence of the Tellico and Little Tennessee rivers south of modern @-@ day Fort Loudoun State Park . Tuskegee was the birthplace of Sequoyah , noted as the first person to independently create a written alphabet , which he did for the Cherokee language . 35 @.@ 59167 ° N 84 @.@ 20222 ° W ﻿ / 35 @.@ 59167 ; -84.20222 
 Having subscribed to a common program of purposes and principles embodied in the Joint Declaration of the President of the United States of America and the Prime Minister of Great Britain dated August 14 , 1941 , known as the Atlantic Charter , 
 Rivadavia 's and Moreno 's 1937 voyage to Europe , where they visited Brest ( France ) , Wilhelmshaven , Bremen , and Hamburg ( Germany ) ; 
 Nagavarma II , poet laureate ( Katakacharya ) of King Jagadhekamalla II made contributions to Kannada literature in various subjects . His works in poetry , prosody , grammar and vocabulary are standard authorities and their importance to the study of Kannada language is well acknowledged . Kavyavalokana in poetics , Karnataka @-@ Bhashabhushana on grammar and Vastukosa a lexicon ( with Kannada equivalents for Sanskrit words ) are some of his comprehensive contributions . Several works on medicine were produced during this period . Notable among them were Jagaddala Somanatha 's Karnataka Kalyana Karaka . 
 In an on @-@ set interview with The Huffington Post , actor John Noble explained that the episode 's primary storyline concerned the bridge between the two worlds . The third season finale , he explained , ended with the two universes healing themselves with the help of a " bridge " . He remarked , " What happens if that bridge now begins to be used as a conduit for evil ? That ’ s the issue we ’ re facing . What do you do ? What do you do with this wonderful discovery ? Do you keep it ? What do you lose if you lose it ? For example , if we didn ’ t have that [ link ] , we ... wouldn ’ t have all these wonderful characters that we ’ ve grown to love . What would happen ? I think we have to face that issue . We have to face the issue of ' How long can you keep this alive , this link between interlacing the two universes ? ' " 
 = = = P @-@ 51 Mustang pilot = = = 
 Western classical music is the most socially accepted form of musical expression for Barbadians in Bridgetown , including a variety of vocal music , chamber and orchestral music , and piano and violin . Along with hymns , oratorios , cantatas and other religious music , chamber music of the Western tradition remains an important part of Barbadian music through an integral role in the services of the Anglican church . 
 Only a few necessary projects were funded , including an underground headquarters bunker , improvement of the garrison hospital and new training areas . It was not until the increased tension in Europe following Adolf Hitler 's rise to power , Benito Mussolini 's March on Rome and the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War that focus once again was put on military readiness and prepared fortifications . Improvements were made to fortifications in many parts of Sweden during the last years of the 1930s following the German annexation of Austria and occupation of Czechoslovakia . In Boden , this included building underground storage rooms for ammunition and food , replenishing already existing stocks , increasing protection for other important supply functions — such as the waterworks — as well as further military planning and also preparations for destruction of — for an advancing enemy — important bridges and roads . 
 = = Works = = 
 = = Appearances = = 
 On the Persian side , Kardarigan was also eager to fight and confident of victory . He arranged to be escorted by many camels carrying water for his troops in case the Byzantines refused to engage but continued to block access to the Arzamon , and had allegedly prepared iron bars and chains for the prisoners he would take . His movements , however , were detected when the Byzantines ' Arab foederati captured a few of his men , allowing Philippicus to prepare his forces . This early warning was of particular importance since Kardarigan intended to attack on Sunday , a day of rest for the Christian Byzantines . 
 The three Texians ran for 6 – 7 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 – 11 @.@ 3 km ) , occasionally firing their pistols to force Mexican dragoons to stay back . Mexican soldiers yelled that the men would be spared if they surrendered , but none of the Texians believed them . Benavides had the strongest mount , and Grant ordered him to go ahead to warn Fannin that the Mexican Army was close to Goliad . Grant and Brown were surrounded and forced to stop . Grant killed a Mexican soldier who drove a lance through Brown 's arm . Between ten and twelve Mexican soldiers then surrounded Grant , and he died after being pierced multiple times . Historian Stuart Reid theorizes that Mexican soldiers were eager to ensure Grant did not survive the battle . Grant could identify federalist sympathizers in Matamoros and the surrounding areas , and his knowledge potentially put Urrea and some of his federalist @-@ sympathizing troops at risk . 
 The Journey to Snowdon . Henry Hughs , 1781 . 
 407th Air Refueling Squadron ( KC @-@ 135 , 1968 – 1990 ) 
 42nd Combat Support Group 
 In 2001 , Irwin was awarded the Centenary Medal by the Australian government for his " service to global conservation and to Australian tourism " . In 2004 , he was recognised as Tourism Export of the Year . He was also nominated in 2004 for Australian of the Year – an honour which was won that year by Australian cricket captain Steve Waugh . Shortly before his death , Irwin was to be named an adjunct professor at the University of Queensland 's School of Integrative Biology . On 14 November 2007 , Irwin was awarded the adjunct professorship posthumously . 
 The term ' bomber mafia ' came from the sometimes bitter debates between United States Army staff and Air Corps men who observed , and argued with , the insistence by instructors and students of the ACTS that heavy bombers were the new primary weapon of war , and that a separate air arm was required to command them . For the first few years , the strongest voice at ACTS against the bomber doctrine was Captain ( later General ) George C. Kenney who called for the use of air power to attack enemy fighting units on the ground . He advocated the close coordination of air and ground forces , with an emphasis on medium bombers and fighter bombers . Kenney left ACTS in 1929 , and heavy bomber doctrinarians filled the vacancy . The doctrine also ran counter to the theories of Billy Mitchell himself , who espoused that pursuit support was essential for daylight bombing operations . 
 The episode was considered the first South Park musical episode , and included such songs as " Mr. Hankey , the Christmas Poo " , " A Lonely Jew on Christmas " and " Kyle 's Mom is a Big Fat Bitch " . Parker and Stone were initially concerned about making a musical because , Parker said , " The general rule was people hated musicals " . For the Mr. Hankey character , Parker and Stone adapted most of the elements from the Mr. Hankey short film they planned in college , except that Mr. Hankey would prove to be real , not a figment of Kyle 's imagination . Parker said this was decided because of his frustration with the character Mr. Snuffleupagus in the children 's show Sesame Street ; for his first 14 years on the show , Mr. Snuffleupagus was an imaginary character seen only by Big Bird , which Parker said " really bummed me out " . Parker and Stone felt Mr. Hankey should embody the wholesomeness and morals of cartoons from the 1930s , so they designed him to resemble the version of Mickey Mouse in the 1928 cartoon Steamboat Willie , particularly in his eyes . For the scenes in which Mr. Hankey smears feces wherever he walks , the animators scanned images of spread out chocolate and fudge and inserted it into the episode . Parker and Stone had trouble deciding on a voice for Mr. Hankey , but Stone said it came to him while eating a Sausage McMuffin at a McDonald 's in New York City , while taking a break from promoting South Park to the press . 
 = = Content = = 
 = = Taxonomy and naming = = 
 = = = In mythology and folklore = = = 
 Two separate self @-@ drive tours of 20 km ( 12 mi ) and 25 km ( 16 mi ) operate within Dryandra where visitors can follow a marked trail in their own vehicles . On arrival at one of the five or six stop points , an approximate five @-@ minute broadcast through the car 's radio ( tuned to FM frequency 100 MHz ) provides a narrative commentary explaining interesting aspects of the surrounding area . The commentaries are pre @-@ recorded on microchips and broadcast using concealed low power transmitters charged by solar panels . Some of the broadcasts are staged conversations between characters describing day @-@ to @-@ day events in an early forestry worker 's life in Dryandra . Others give a more technical explanation of a particular subject applicable to flora or fauna within a short distance of the car . For example , one stop discusses the naturally occurring poison pea plant ( genus : Gastrolobium spp ) in the woodlands and the extraction and effect of the 1080 poison ( sodium fluoroacetate ) which occurs in the plant . Native mammalian herbivores have evolved with a high level of genetic tolerance to the toxin which is deadly to introduced species including foxes . Baiting programs including the highly successful Western Shield project use 1080 poison to help control foxes without harming native fauna . 
 2013 Chevalier de la Légion d 'honneur 
 Ski orienteering is an orienteering discipline recognized by the International Orienteering Federation . The World Ski Orienteering Championships is organized every odd year and includes sprint , middle and long distance competitions , and a Relay for both men and women . The World Cup is organized every even year . Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships and World Masters Ski Orienteering Championships are organized annually . 
 In the three battles of Nola , Roman general Marcus Claudius Marcellus managed to hold off Hannibal but then Hannibal smashed a succession of Roman consular armies at the First Battle of Capua , the Battle of the Silarus , the Second Battle of Herdonia , the Battle of Numistro and the Battle of Asculum . By this time Hannibal 's brother Hasdrubal Barca sought to cross the Alps into Italy and join his brother with a second army . Despite being defeated in Iberia in the Battle of Baecula , Hasdrubal managed to break through into Italy only to be defeated decisively by Gaius Claudius Nero and Marcus Livius Salinator on the Metaurus River . 
 The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton , Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company . In this episode , traveling salesman Todd Packer ( David Koechner ) comes to Dunder Mifflin looking for a desk job in the office . However , the office is unsure if they want him to work there due to his previous behavior . Jim Halpert ( John Krasinski ) and Dwight Schrute ( Rainn Wilson ) eventually team up and develop a scheme that rids the office of Packer . Meanwhile , after dealing with computer problems , Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) confronts Pam Halpert ( Jenna Fischer ) about getting a new computer . 
 Agricultural Land 381 @.@ 25 ha ( 942 @.@ 1 acres ) 
 = = = Deli scene = = = 
 Over the years , When Harry Met Sally ... has become " the quintessential contemporary feel @-@ good relationship movie that somehow still rings true " . Ephron still received letters from people obsessed with the film and still had " people who say to me all the time , ' I was having a Harry @-@ and @-@ Sally relationship with him or her ' . " The film is 23rd on AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Laughs list of the top comedy films in American cinema and number 60 on Bravo 's " 100 Funniest Movies . " Entertainment Weekly named it as one of the Top 10 romantic movies of all time . The magazine also ranked it 12th on their Funniest Movies of the Past 25 Years list . The periodical also ranked it 7th on their 25 Best Romantic Movies of the Past 25 Years list and # 3 on their Top 25 Modern Romances list . The film has inspired countless romantic comedies , including A Lot Like Love , Hum Tum and Definitely , Maybe . In addition , the film helped popularize many ideas about love that have become household concepts now , such as the " high @-@ maintenance " girlfriend and the " transitional person " . 
 Though widely distributed in the tropical and subtropical marine waters of Eurasia , Africa , and Oceania , the pigeye shark does not appear to be common anywhere . Existing records are patchy , and the full extent of its range may be obscured by confusion with the bull shark . In the eastern Atlantic , it is found off Cape Verde and Senegal , and from Nigeria to Namibia ; there is a single Mediterranean record from off Crotone , Italy . It occurs all along the continental periphery of the Indian Ocean , from eastern South Africa to the Arabian Peninsula ( including Madagascar , the Seychelles , and Mauritius ) , to Southeast Asia and northern Australia . Its range extends into the Pacific , northward to the Philippines and southern China , and eastward to New Guinea and some Micronesian islands . Tagging and genetic data indicate that pigeye sharks , particularly juveniles , are not strongly migratory and tend to remain in a local area . The longest recorded distance covered by an adult is 1 @,@ 080 km ( 670 mi ) . 
 Built entirely of wood and surrounded by two stacked verandas around a central interior pillar supporting a steeply pitched roof , the exterior walls of Tranovola were painted red while the roof and railings of the verandas were painted white . Prior to its 1845 remodel , the original 6 @-@ metre ( 20 ft ) long and 7 @.@ 2 @-@ metre ( 24 ft ) wide Tranovola took shape in several stages over the course of Radama 's reign . The initial building was a two @-@ storey house that in other respects largely followed the traditional architectural norms of the noble class in the highlands . Some time later a balcony was added on the second floor . This was eventually replaced by wraparound verandas on both floors , from which the king would deliver his royal speeches to the crowd gathered below . 
 In the 21st century , only the earthworks of the castle remain . The western bailey is managed by the parish council and the inner bailey by English Heritage , while the eastern bailey remains under cultivation . The site is protected under UK law as a scheduled monument . 
 Donald Glover as Troy Barnes – Troy was a high school football star who got injured and failed to get a scholarship . 
 Black Arrow originated from studies by the Royal Aircraft Establishment for carrier rockets based on the Black Knight rocket , with the project being authorised in 1964 . It was initially developed by Saunders @-@ Roe , and later Westland Aircraft as the result of a merger . 
 Although faster @-@ than @-@ light travel has been seriously considered by physicists such as Miguel Alcubierre , Tough speculates that the enormous amount of energy required to achieve such speeds under currently proposed mechanisms means that robotic probes traveling at conventional speeds will still have an advantage for various applications . 2013 research at NASA 's Johnson Space Center , however , shows that faster @-@ than @-@ light travel with the Alcubierre drive requires dramatically less energy than previously thought , needing only about 1 metric ton of exotic mass @-@ energy to move a spacecraft at 10 times the speed of light , in contrast to previous estimates that stated that only a Jupiter @-@ mass object would contain sufficient energy to power a faster @-@ than @-@ light spacecraft . 
 = = High school = = 
 Poole 's wide and sandy beaches are used for swimming , sunbathing , water sports and sailing . The beaches at Sandbanks are often used for sporting events such as the Sandbanks Beach Volleyball Festival , and the annual British Beach polo Championship . 
 = = Demographics = = 
 Between 1980 and 2005 , the number of osteopathic graduates per year increased over 250 percent from about 1 @,@ 000 to 2 @,@ 800 . This number is expected to approach 5 @,@ 000 by 2015 . 
 Dr. Still intended his new system of medicine to be a reformation of the existing 19th @-@ century medical practices . He imagined that someday " rational medical therapy " would consist of manipulation of the musculoskeletal system , surgery , and very sparingly used drugs . He invented the name " osteopathy " by blending two Greek roots osteon- for bone and -pathos for suffering in order to communicate his theory that disease and physiologic dysfunction were etiologically grounded in a disordered musculoskeletal system . Thus , by diagnosing and treating the musculoskeletal system , he believed that physicians could treat a variety of diseases and spare patients the negative side @-@ effects of drugs . 
 While she was out of commission at Mare Island , Bennington was refitted . A pilothouse that had been added on top of her bridge and a spotlight platform on her bow – both added in 1893 – 94 – were removed . Bennington 's mainmast was also removed , leaving her as a two @-@ mast rig . In addition , two tall ventilation cowls were added immediately behind the bridge . After 18 months of inactivity , Bennington was recommissioned on 2 March 1903 under the command of Commander Chauncey Thomas . 
 = = Media = = 
 The Hot Mikado ( 1939 ) and Hot Mikado ( 1986 ) 
 = = = WWE Championship chase ( 2007 ) = = = 
 The first 37 issues of the main series were released in thirteen digests titled G.I. Joe Comic Magazine . Subsequently , Tales of G.I. Joe reprinted the first fifteen issues of G.I. Joe on a higher quality paper stock than that used for the main comic . Four Yearbooks ( 1985 – 1988 ) also collected some previous stories , summarized events , and published new stories that tied into the main title , aside from the first Yearbook , which re @-@ printed the seminal first issue . The series was also translated into several languages , including German , Spanish , Portuguese , Polish , French ( Canada ) , Swedish , Norwegian , Finnish , Danish , Japanese , Arabic , and Indonesian . 
 = = Culture = = 
 Trying to discover what happened to Marsh , Quatermass contacts Inspector Lomax ( John Longden ) , who had previously assisted him ( see The Quatermass Xperiment ) . Lomax puts him in touch with Vincent Broadhead ( Tom Chatto ) , a Member of Parliament , who has been trying to uncover the veil of secrecy surrounding Winnerden Flats . Quatermass joins Broadhead on an official tour of the complex , which he is told has been built to manufacture artificial food . Slipping away from the visiting party , Broadhead attempts to get inside one of the large domes that dominate the skyline . Quatermass later finds him dying , covered in a poisonous black slime . 
 Fister attended Merced College from 2003 to 2004 . At Merced , he was a two @-@ year letterman and participated in the 2003 Junior College All @-@ Star Game . In 2003 , he was a preseason All @-@ American . Fister was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 49th round of the 2004 Major League Baseball draft but chose to transfer to Division I Fresno State University , where he played for the Bulldogs . In 2005 , Fister led Fresno State with wins ( 7 ) and was second on the team in innings pitched ( 932 ⁄ 3 ) and strikeouts ( 77 ) . He also appeared in 26 games at first base in 2005 . That season , he was drafted by the New York Yankees in the sixth round but chose to stay at Fresno State for his senior season . In 2006 , Fister had an 8 @-@ 6 record and a 4 @.@ 10 earned run average in 20 games . Following the season , Fister was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the seventh round of the 2006 Major League Baseball draft . 
 He led the AA in earned run average ( ERA ) in his first MLB season , and then in strikeouts two seasons later . In the years spanning from 1890 through 1896 , he posted 20 or more victories in a season six times ; two in which he won more than 30 . In 1892 , he won a career @-@ high 35 games , and on August 6 , he threw a no @-@ hitter . During his seven seasons with the Beaneaters , he was part of four NL championships , and pitched alongside future Hall of Fame members John Clarkson and Kid Nichols . He was among the best hitting pitchers of his era , and was often used at other positions when he was not pitching . His season total of seven home runs in 1890 stood as the record for pitchers until 1931 . He compiled a .298 lifetime batting average , hit 35 home runs , and delivered 357 runs batted in ( RBIs ) . 
 There were 33 @,@ 689 households out of which 26 @.@ 1 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 38 @.@ 2 % were married couples living together , 10 @.@ 3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 48 @.@ 7 % were non @-@ families . 33 @.@ 1 % of all households were made up of individuals and 6 @.@ 5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2 @.@ 26 and the average family size was 2 @.@ 92 . 
 = = = Solo ventures = = = 
 Due to the necessity of filming reshoots for the upcoming movie , both Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny are absent in places throughout the season . For instance , the episodes " Unusual Suspects " and " Travelers " — both of which being flashback episodes — do not feature Anderson 's character Dana Scully at all . In fact , the former was written entirely as a stop @-@ gap episode when the show 's producers were forced to start production of the fifth season in the last week of August in Vancouver , but still needed series stars Duchovny and Anderson for the filming of The X @-@ Files movie in Los Angeles . The producers decided to create an episode dedicated to The Lone Gunmen , and writing duties were assigned to Vince Gilligan . Other episodes such as " Chinga " and " Christmas Carol " feature minimal appearances by Duchovny 's character Fox Mulder . 
 Maria Edgeworth ( 1768 – 1849 ) 
 = = Formats and track listings = = 
 In late 2011 , Quinlan announced his departure from Hollyoaks . The serial decided to write a conclusion to the rape storyline , airing in a special three @-@ hander episode centered on Gilly , Jacqui and Rhys which featured Gilly confessing to the rape as he knew Jacqui was not consenting when he raped her . 
 At 2 : 42 a.m. on November 18 , 1999 , the partially completed Aggie Bonfire , standing 40 feet ( 12 m ) tall and consisting of about 5000 logs , collapsed during construction . Of the 58 students and former students working on the stack , 12 were killed and 27 others were injured . The incident received nationwide attention , with over 50 satellite trucks broadcasting from the Texas A & M campus within hours . 
 A variety of volunteer opportunities exist for citizens to participate in the stewardship of Edmonton 's parkland and river valley . Volunteer programs include River Valley Clean @-@ up , Root for Trees , and Partner in Parks . River Valley Clean @-@ up engages volunteers to pick up hundreds of bags of litter each year . 
 No. 103 Squadron and No. 150 Squadron RAF of the RAF Advanced Air Striking Force ( AASF ) flew 10 sorties against the targets in the early morning . In the process they suffered only one loss in a forced landing . Between 15 : 00 – 16 : 00 , 71 RAF bombers took off escorted by Allied fighters . The impressive escort was offset by the presence of German fighter units that outnumbered the Allied escort fighters by 3 : 1 . No. 71 Wing RAF lost 10 Fairey Battles and five Bristol Blenheims . No. 75 Wing RAF lost 14 – 18 Battles and No. 76 Wing RAF lost 11 Battles . Out of 71 bombers dispatched , 40 – 44 bombers were lost , meaning a loss rate of 56 – 62 percent . The AASF lost a further five Hawker Hurricanes . The AASF flew 81 sorties and lost 52 percent of its strength . No 2 Group RAF also contributed with 28 sorties . The bombing results were poor , with three bridges damaged and one possibly destroyed . 
 Entering the 2014 season , he was set to compete for a spot on the bench , as Amaro declared that he was not good enough , particularly defensively , to play everyday . However , the Phillies placed him on the disabled list ( DL ) due to a strained oblique ; his estimated recovery time was around the end of April or the beginning of May . When Ruf returned , he played for the IronPigs , but suffered another injury on June 3 , fracturing his left wrist when sliding into the wall while playing left field . He returned to the major league Phillies on July 22 when John Mayberry , Jr. landed on the disabled list , but struggled in his first several games ; in his first 17 at @-@ bats , he had just two hits . Nevertheless , the Phillies toyed with platooning him with Ryan Howard , who was also struggling , at first base , and Ruf also played two innings at third base . Overall , Ruf amassed only 117 major league plate appearances , and was significantly hindered by injuries . 
 = = Taxonomy and phylogeny = = 
 = = Cast = = 
 Duckles clarified the meaning : " The outspoken vulgarity was not necessarily result of personal taste but a reflection of Royalist protest against Puritan morality , intended to shock the taste of Parliamentarians . " 
 " Harlem Shake " was released commercially in June 2012 . Mad Decent commissioned a music video for the single at the time , but were not satisfied with the result and shelved it . It gradually received listens online , and was re @-@ released as a single on January 8 , 2013 . However , it did not begin to sell significantly until February , when its music was set to a YouTube video that developed into an Internet meme of the same name . The 30 @-@ second video featured people dancing to the song and was parodied more than 3 @,@ 000 times in other user @-@ submitted videos . Billboard magazine cited " Harlem Shake " as " the biggest viral sensation since PSY 's ' Gangnam Style ' " . Baauer and Mad Decent generated income from both the user @-@ submitted videos and Baauer 's original audio post on YouTube because of the site 's Content ID service , which allows artists , labels , and publishers to monetize songs . According to MSN Money , they earned $ 6 for every 1 @,@ 000 views of the video . 
 = = = Critical analysis = = = 
 = = Premise = = 
 Ordinary Average Guy ( as engineer ) ( 1991 ) 
 On June 2 , 1900 , during the British march on Pretoria , Burnham was wounded , almost fatally . He was on a mission to cut off the flow of Boer gold and supplies to and from the sea and to halt the transportation of British prisoners of war out of the Pretoria . He scouted alone far to the east behind enemy lines trying to identify the best choke point along the Pretoria @-@ Delagoa Bay railway line . He came upon an underpass of a railway bridge , an ideal location to disrupt the trains , but was immediately surrounded by a party of Boers . Burnham instantly fled and he had almost escaped when his horse was shot and fell , knocking him senseless and pinning him under its dead body . It was night and he was already far away when his horse was shot , so the Boer troopers apparently did not check to see if Burnham had been injured or killed . When he awoke hours later , Burnham was alone and in a dazed state having sustained serious injuries . In spite of his acute agony , Burnham proceeded to creep back to the railway , placed his charges , and blew up the line in two places . He then crept on his hands and knees to an empty animal enclosure to avoid capture and stayed there for two days and nights insensible . The next day , Burnham heard fighting in the distance so he crawled in that direction . By this time he was indifferent as to the source of the gunshots and by chance it was a British patrol that found him . Once in Pretoria the surgeons discovered that Burnham had torn apart his stomach muscles and burst a blood @-@ vessel . His very survival was due only to the fact that he had been without food or water for three days . 
 = = = Medical centres and hospitals = = = 
 Each song is like a small movie , a little history ... Part of me is going to be in there for it to be interesting to sing about . As a person I am a little mysterious , a little direct , and so is my music too . 
 = = Snowbound = = 
 Although Landis was an autocrat in the courtroom , he was less so at home . In a 1916 interview , he stated , 
 Wilmington , Delaware became a sister city of Arad in 1973 , to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the State of Israel . 
 SAS version 4 had limited features , but made SAS more accessible . Version 5 introduced a complete macro language , array subscripts , and a full @-@ screen interactive user interface called Display Manager . In 1985 , SAS was rewritten in the C programming language . This allowed for the SAS ' Multivendor Architecture that allows the software to run on UNIX , MS @-@ DOS , and Windows . It was previously written in PL / I , Fortran , and assembly language . 
 " The Voice Within " was released to US contemporary hit and adult contemporary radio stations on October 27 , 2003 as the fifth and final single from Stripped by RCA Records . It was also available for Maxi single sales in stores . 
 = = Military office = = 
 T. A. Gopinatha notes , " Every village however small has its own image of Vighneśvara ( Vigneshvara ) with or without a temple to house it in . At entrances of villages and forts , below pīpaḹa ( Sacred fig ) trees ... in a niche ... in temples of Viṣṇu ( Vishnu ) as well as Śiva ( Shiva ) and also in separate shrines specially constructed in Śiva temples ... the figure of Vighneśvara is invariably seen . " Ganesha temples have also been built outside of India , including Southeast Asia , Nepal ( including the four Vinayaka shrines in the Kathmandu valley ) , and in several western countries . 
 = = = Pipeline networks = = = 
 The annual Ashland New Plays Festival ( ANPF ) is a nonprofit organization that encourages playwrights to develop new work through public readings . Each year , the ANPF holds an international competition that winnows hundreds of submissions to four plays that are read to live audiences by professional actors during a five @-@ day festival in October . 
 Just under five seconds after the undercarriage left the ground , the plane 's left wing scraped against the asphalt for 110 feet and the stick shaker activated . The crew received six stall warnings , before the jet began banking to the left , then to the right , and then to the left again , still only several meters above the ground . The aircraft struck two visual approach slope indicator posts , touched down again for approximately 100 feet , before lifting off again and striking an ILS beacon and a water pump house . 
 Postponed . 
 Steve Jobs pooled the finest of over @-@ specified hardware and software into NeXT , and also the company added innovations of their own . As such , it was the machine of choice for well @-@ funded science departments that , of course , were Unix @-@ friendly at the time . 
 = = Equipment and technique = = 
 Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film featuring the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sequel to 2011 's Thor and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film was directed by Alan Taylor , with a screenplay by Christopher Yost and Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely . It stars Chris Hemsworth , Natalie Portman , Tom Hiddleston , Anthony Hopkins , Stellan Skarsgård , Idris Elba , Christopher Eccleston , Adewale Akinnuoye @-@ Agbaje , Kat Dennings , Ray Stevenson , Zachary Levi , Tadanobu Asano , Jaimie Alexander , and Rene Russo . In Thor : The Dark World , Thor teams up with Loki to save the Nine Realms from the Dark Elves led by the vengeful Malekith , who intends to plunge the universe into darkness . 
 Keyes sought the Republican presidential nomination in 1996 , and asked other candidates about abortion in those debates in which he participated . Many Republican leaders saw this as unnecessary and divisive . Keyes was particularly critical of Clinton during his campaign , saying , " This guy lies , but he lies with passion . " He questioned whether a Republican candidate who is truthful , yet cold and heartless , had a chance to win against the incumbent . Keyes was also especially critical of Pat Buchanan , once saying during an interview on the Talk from the Heart program with Al Kresta ( simulcast on KJSL St. Louis and WMUZ @-@ FM Detroit ) that Buchanan had a " black heart . " Keyes 's entry into the Republican race after Buchanan had secured victories in New Hampshire and Louisiana led many to believe that Keyes was a stalking horse for neoconservative elements in the Republican Party , since Buchanan had been a well @-@ known ardent foe of abortion and had suffered political fallout for bringing abortion and " cultural war " to the center of the public policy debate . Later during the primaries , Keyes was briefly detained by Atlanta police when he tried to force his way into a debate to which he had been invited , and then uninvited . He was never formally arrested and was eventually picked up 20 minutes later by Atlanta 's mayor at the time , Bill Campbell . 
 Their first son died at the age of two , but the Gouldens had ten other children ; Emmeline was the eldest of five daughters . Soon after her birth the family moved to Seedley in Pendleton on the outskirts of Salford , where her father had co @-@ founded a small business . Goulden was active in local politics , serving for several years on the Salford Town Council . He was also an enthusiastic supporter of dramatic organisations including the Manchester Athenaeum and the Dramatic Reading Society . He owned a theatre in Salford for several years , where he played the leads in several plays by William Shakespeare . Pankhurst absorbed an appreciation of drama and theatrics from her father , which she used later in social activism . 
 Imprisoned with 25 fellow conspirators , Castro renamed " The Movement " the " 26th of July Movement " ( MR @-@ 26 @-@ 7 ) in memory of the Moncada attack 's date . Forming a school for prisoners , the Abel Santamaría Ideological Academy , Castro organized five hours a day of teaching in ancient and modern history , philosophy and English . He read widely , enjoying the works of Karl Marx , Vladimir Lenin , and Martí but also reading books by Freud , Kant , Shakespeare , Munthe , Maugham and Dostoyevsky , analyzing them within a Marxist framework . He began reading about Roosevelt 's New Deal , believing that something similar should be enacted in Cuba . Corresponding with supporters outside of prison , he maintained control over the Movement and organized the publication of History Will Absolve Me , with an initial print run of 27 @,@ 500 copies . Initially permitted a relatively high amount of freedom within the prison compared to other inmates , he was locked up in solitary confinement after his comrades sang anti @-@ Batista songs on a visit by the President in February 1954 . Meanwhile , Castro 's wife Mirta gained employment in the Ministry of the Interior , having been encouraged to do so by her brother , a friend and ally of Batista 's . This was kept a secret from Castro , who found out through a radio announcement . Appalled , he raged that he would rather die " a thousand times " than " suffer impotently from such an insult " . Both Fidel and Mirta initiated divorce proceedings , with Mirta taking custody of their son Fidelito ; this angered Castro , who did not want his son growing up in a bourgeois environment . 
 Fantastic Light was assessed at 134 by Timeform . A rating in excess of 130 is considered the mark of an above average Group One winner . 
 <formula> 
 Einsatzgruppe I , commanded by SS @-@ Standartenführer Bruno Streckenbach , acted with 14th Army 
 Treubiales Schljakov 1972 
 = = College career = = 
 " This video is sort of , like , the history of the band . This club [ set ] is emulating old shows we used to play in the beginning — we used to play this club called Vino 's in Little Rock [ Arkansas ] — it 's sort of like back then , the gritty , dirty club , sweaty . And basically , it 's also [ about ] New York , where I 've been , [ and ] where [ bassist ] Tim [ McCord ] lived in the past few years since we 've been gone . And it 's sort of about escaping New York and . [ ... ] coming back out into the world . " 
 = = = = Pompey , Crassus and the Catilinarian Conspiracy = = = = 
 = = Release history = = 
 In 2001 , Boosey & Hawkes was put up for sale after accounting irregularities were discovered in its Chicago instrument @-@ distribution business , leading to £ 13m worth of sales being written off , a plummeting share price , and the company 's near @-@ bankruptcy . It was eventually bought by venture capitalists HgCapital in 2003 for £ 40 million . 
 Upon its release , Unlocked debuted and peaked at number 21 on the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart , selling 3 @,@ 859 copies in its first week of release . As of September 2014 , the album has sold more than 17 @,@ 000 units , according to the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) . Six tracks from the album were released as singles , of which three ( " Cherry Pop " , " Dance " and " We Wanna " ) charted on the Japan Hot 100 . " Dance " reached the top 10 in Turkey , while " We Wanna " reached the top thirty in Argentina , Poland and Turkey , and the top sixty in Italy , Romania and Slovakia . To promote Unlocked , Stan embarked on two tours throughout 2014 , Cherry Pop Summer Tour and Unlocked Tour , in Russia , Mexico , Japan and Turkey . 
 With the war still ongoing , in 1780 Virginia and Pennsylvania came to an agreement on their mutual borders , creating the state lines known today and determining finally that the jurisdiction of Pittsburgh region was Pennsylvanian . In 1783 , the Revolutionary War ended , which also brought at least a temporary cessation of border warfare . In the 1784 Treaty of Fort Stanwix , the Iroquois ceded the land north of the Purchase Line to Pennsylvania . 
 The moderate socialists won a repeated vote over revolutionary versus parliamentary means at a special party meeting in the end of November 1917 , but when they tried to pass a resolution to completely abandon the idea of a socialist revolution , the party representatives and several powerfull leaders voted it down . The Finnish labor movement wanted to sustain a military force of its own and keep the revolutionary road open too . The Finnish socialists ' weak interest in revolutionary activity was a disappointment to Lenin . He lost his faith in them finally in December 1917 and shifted his energies toward encouraging the Finnish Bolsheviks in Petrograd . 
 = = = Basketball Club of Seattle LLC v. Professional Basketball Club LLC = = = 
 She began purchasing art objects with the intention of sending them to America , so that people that were not afforded the luxury of traveling to Europe could view good works of art . Norcross collected furniture , textiles , porcelains , and other objects during visits to quiet French villages . 
 The intellectual world of the girls was widened by their exposure to the literary and political circles in which Godwin moved . For example , during former American vice @-@ president Aaron Burr 's self @-@ imposed exile from the United States after his acquittal on treason charges , he often spent time with the Godwins . He greatly admired the works of Wollstonecraft and had educated his daughter according to the precepts of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman . He was anxious to meet the daughters of the woman he revered and referred to Fanny , Mary , and Claire as " goddesses " . He spent most of his time talking with Imlay about political and educational topics . Burr was impressed by the Lancastrian teaching method and took Fanny to see a model school in 1811 . 
 Cantonese people , like the Hakka , were well known throughout Southeast Asia as mineworkers . Their migration in the 19th century was largely directed toward the tin mines of Bangka , off the east coast of Sumatra . Notable traditionally as skilled artisans , the Cantonese benefited from close contact with Europeans in Guangdong and Hong Kong by learning about machinery and industrial success . They migrated to Java about the same time as the Hakka , but for different reasons . In Indonesia 's cities they became artisans , machine workers , and owners of small businesses such as restaurants and hotel @-@ keeping services . The Cantonese are evenly dispersed throughout the archipelago , and number far less than the Hokkien or the Hakka . Consequently , their roles are of secondary importance in the Chinese communities . 
 Soviet international behavior depended mainly on the internal necessities of Joseph Stalin 's regime ; according to Kennan , Stalin needed a hostile world in order to legitimize his autocratic rule . Stalin thus used Marxism @-@ Leninism as a " justification for the Soviet Union 's instinctive fear of the outside world , for the dictatorship without which they did not know how to rule , for cruelties they did not dare not to inflict , for sacrifice they felt bound to demand ... Today they cannot dispense with it . It is the fig leaf of their moral and intellectual respectability " . 
 The Galapagos shark was originally described as Carcharias galapagensis by Robert Evans Snodgrass and Edmund Heller in 1905 ; subsequent authors moved this species to the genus Carcharhinus . The holotype was a 65 cm ( 2 @.@ 13 ft ) long fetus from the Galapagos Islands , hence the specific epithet galapagensis . 
 The station has been on the New Jersey State Historic Preservation Office listings since March 25 , 1998 , the last of the four stations from East Orange to Glen Ridge to receive the listing . On September 14 , 2005 , the entire Montclair Branch was added to the same listings , although Ampere , Bloomfield and Glen Ridge stations have been on the listings since March 17 , 1984 . 
 = = History = = 
 Francium @-@ 223 is the most stable isotope , with a half @-@ life of 21 @.@ 8 minutes , and it is highly unlikely that an isotope of francium with a longer half @-@ life will ever be discovered or synthesized . Francium @-@ 223 is the fifth product of the actinium decay series as the daughter isotope of actinium @-@ 227 . Francium @-@ 223 then decays into radium @-@ 223 by beta decay ( 1149 keV decay energy ) , with a minor ( 0 @.@ 006 % ) alpha decay path to astatine @-@ 219 ( 5 @.@ 4 MeV decay energy ) . 
 Perey named the new isotope actinium @-@ K ( it is now referred to as francium @-@ 223 ) and in 1946 , she proposed the name catium for her newly discovered element , as she believed it to be the most electropositive cation of the elements . Irène Joliot @-@ Curie , one of Perey 's supervisors , opposed the name due to its connotation of cat rather than cation . Perey then suggested francium , after France . This name was officially adopted by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry in 1949 , becoming the second element after gallium to be named after France . It was assigned the symbol Fa , but this abbreviation was revised to the current Fr shortly thereafter . Francium was the last element discovered in nature , rather than synthesized , following rhenium in 1925 . Further research into francium 's structure was carried out by , among others , Sylvain Lieberman and his team at CERN in the 1970s and 1980s . 
 Unique amongst stingrays in inhabiting the open ocean rather than the sea floor , the pelagic stingray is generally found from the surface to a depth of 100 m ( 330 ft ) over deep water . It has also been caught at a depth of 330 – 381 m ( 1 @,@ 083 – 1 @,@ 250 ft ) over the Kyushu @-@ Palau Ridge , indicating that it at least occasionally approaches the bottom . This species prefers water temperatures above 19 ° C ( 66 ° F ) , and will die if the temperature drops to 15 ° C ( 59 ° F ) . 
 The following season , Harvey presided over four of the five home Shield matches , a tour match by India , and a domestic one @-@ dayer , but was overlooked for an international fixture . Harvey ’ s final fixtures were during the 1981 – 82 season . He officiated in two matches hosted by Queensland in November , a Shield match and a one @-@ dayer , both against Queensland . Altogether , he umpired 31 first @-@ class and 13 List A matches in his career . He continued to umpire interstate matches at youth level until 1988 and stood in six finals the first grade of Queensland 's local competition . 
 Arsenal recorded the biggest win of the league season , against Middlesbrough at Highbury . Henry scored a hat @-@ trick in a 7 – 0 victory ; the striker post @-@ match deemed it was vital for the club to finish in the top four " … for me , for the club and for the fans . " They suffered two consecutive defeats : away to Everton and at home to West Ham United . In the latter match , Campbell was substituted at his request before the second half , having been at fault for Nigel Reo @-@ Coker and Bobby Zamora ’ s goals . He " went missing " after the match , subsequently returning to training five days later . Emmanuel Adebayor scored his first goal for Arsenal in a 2 – 0 win against Birmingham City on 4 February 2006 . A stoppage time goal scored by Gilberto earned the team a point against Bolton Wanderers at Highbury ; they went 1 – 0 down in the 12th minute after Kevin Nolan chipped the ball past goalkeeper Jens Lehmann . Arsenal conceded a late goal away to Liverpool on Valentine 's Day – a result which left the club 10 points behind their opponents . Defeat against Blackburn Rovers meant they lost for the second consecutive game . Having collected just three wins out of a possible 14 away from home , Wenger admitted the form of the team remained " a big worry " given they needed to play five more . 
 Thomas was one of a number of scientists who watched their work come to fruition on July 16 , 1945 , at the Trinity nuclear test . For his work on the project , he received the Medal for Merit from the president Harry S. Truman in 1946 . On May 2 , 1945 , Groves and Thomas agreed that Monsanto would take over the running of the Clinton laboratories at Oak Ridge , Tennessee from July 1 , 1945 . Thomas brought in some 60 new staff from Dayton to help run the Clinton Laboratories , and he persuaded Eugene Wigner to come from Chicago to work on new reactor designs . Under Wigner , the Laboratories made a pioneering study of Wigner 's disease , the swelling and distortion of the graphite used as a moderator in reactors due the neutron bombardment produced in a reactor . Thomas became frustrated with restrictions on spending and the uncertainty about the future of the laboratory . In May 1947 , he decided not to renew the contract with the Atomic Energy Commission to operate the Clinton Laboratories on a month @-@ to @-@ month basis while a new operator was found . Union Carbide took over the contract in December 1947 . Monsanto was , however , given the contract to operate the new Mound Laboratories in early 1948 . 
 Lady Dorothea Augusta ( 5 May 1876 – 1942 ) ; married Major Chandos Brydges Lee @-@ Warner 
 The earliest description of the ridge running along the floor of the temporal horn of the lateral ventricle comes from the Venetian anatomist Julius Caesar Aranzi ( 1587 ) , who likened it first to a silkworm and then to a seahorse ( Latin : hippocampus from Greek : ἵππος , " horse " and κάμπος , " sea monster " ) . The German anatomist Duvernoy ( 1729 ) , the first to illustrate the structure , also wavered between " seahorse " and " silkworm . " " Ram 's horn " was proposed by the Danish anatomist Jacob Winsløw in 1732 ; and a decade later his fellow Parisian , the surgeon de Garengeot , used " cornu Ammonis " – horn of ( the ancient Egyptian god ) Amun . 
 Paoli kept busy performing in Italy , South America and the United States . He returned to Puerto Rico in 1923 . At the time , Amalia Paoli was residing in San Juan ( in the ward of Santurce ) where she was running a singing school ( Academia Paoli ) . Antonio conducted a few performances around the island and then departed to sing at the Brooklyn Academy of Music , the Manhattan Opera House and the Metropolitan Opera House in Philadelphia . He had wanted to sing in the Metropolitan Opera House in New York , but apparently his competitor Enrico Caruso opposed this . Some attribute this to the fact that Caruso was a shareholder of the renowned opera house . From the U.S. , the tenor would visit Curaçao , Cuba , Colombia , Haiti and Ecuador . 
 GCC was the largest industry group active in climate policy . About 40 companies and industry associations were GCC members . Considering member corporations , member trade associations , and business represented by member trade associations , GCC represented over 230 @,@ 000 businesses . Industry sectors represented included : aluminium , paper , transportation , power generation , petroleum , chemical , and small businesses . All the major oil companies were members . GCC members were from industries that would have been adversely effected by limitations on fossil fuel consumption . GCC was funded by membership dues . 
 The church has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration as it has been designated as a Grade II * listed building – the second @-@ highest of the three grades of listing , designating " particularly important buildings of more than special interest " . It was given this status on 12 May 1970 . Cadw ( the Welsh Assembly Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales and the inclusion of Welsh buildings on the statutory lists ) states that St Mary 's has been listed because it is " a good rural church retaining substantial medieval fabric " . 
 In a 2009 Paste magazine readers , writers and editors poll of the 50 Best Bob Dylan Covers of All Time , Them 's version of " It 's All Over Now , Baby Blue " was ranked at # 28 . 
 the Great Flood : the byproduct of a nuclear missile explosion that the Elohim sent . After tidal wave floods following the explosions receded , Elohim scattered the Israelites and had them speak the language of other tribes . 
 Raëlians do not believe that an ethereal soul exists free of physical confinement . Raëlians believe that advanced supercomputers of the Elohim are right now recording the memories and DNA of human beings . When Elohim release this information for the coming resurrection , people would be brought back from the dead and the judgments upon them would be realized based on actions in their past life . People excluded from physical re @-@ creation would include those who achieved nothing positive but were not evil . Vorilhon expressed an interest in cloning Hitler for war trials and retroactive punishment . Raël also mentioned cloning as the solution to terrorism by suicide attacks , as the perpetrators would not be able to escape punishment by killing themselves if the Elohim recreated them after their attacks . 
 = Meet the Quagmires = 
 Shotter , David ( 1992 ) . Tiberius Caesar . London : Routledge . ISBN 0 @-@ 415 @-@ 07654 @-@ 4 . 
 = Neferhotep I = 
 = = = 1 = = = 
 Brian Lamb , C @-@ SPAN 's chairman and former chief executive officer , first conceived the concept of C @-@ SPAN in 1975 while working as the Washington , D.C. bureau chief of the cable industry trade magazine Cablevision . It was a time of rapid growth in the number of cable television channels available in the United States , and Lamb envisioned a cable @-@ industry financed nonprofit network for televising sessions of the U.S. Congress and other public affairs event and policy discussions . Lamb shared his idea with several cable executives , who helped him launch the network . Among them were Bob Rosencrans who provided $ 25 @,@ 000 of initial funding in 1979 and John D. Evans who provided the wiring and access to the headend needed for the distribution of the C @-@ SPAN signal . 
 With the retirement of Roger Moore following A View to a Kill , the producers searched for a new Bond and eventually cast Timothy Dalton in the lead role in August 1986 . Much of the senior production crew from the previous film worked on The Living Daylights , with John Glen directing , John Barry providing the score and Peter Lamont acting as production designer . Michael G. Wilson and Richard Maibaum again provided the script and initially proposed a prequel , showing Bond 's first mission , although this was turned down by Broccoli . Script work continued while the producers searched for Moore 's successor . 
 In 1990 the situation was further complicated when MGM / UA was sold to Qintex , which wanted to then merge with Pathé Communications ; the Bond back catalogue was leased to Pathé at a lower @-@ than @-@ market value , without consulting Danjaq - who sued MGM / UA Communications , which was itself the target of a failed takeover bid by Pathé . In August 1990 Albert Broccoli appointed his daughter Barbara Broccoli alongside Michael G. Wilson as producers at Eon , while he concentrated on matters at Danjaq . The dispute between Danjaq and MGM / UA was protracted and delayed production of Bond 17 , but was finally settled in 1993 . 
 Scott was married to Kimberly Scott from 1993 to 2007 . They had two daughters together , Taelor and Sydni . Scott lived in Avon , Connecticut . At the time of his death , Scott was in a relationship with Kristin Spodobalski . During his Jimmy V Award speech , he told his teenage daughters : " Taelor and Sydni , I love you guys more than I will ever be able to express . You two are my heartbeat . I am standing on this stage here tonight because of you . " 
 158976 - City of Havelock , Havelock , North Carolina . 
 " Where No One Has Gone Before " was the second episode scored by Ron Jones . Some themes in the soundtrack were rearrangements of Jerry Goldsmith 's score from Star Trek : The Motion Picture . In the piece " Talk with Mom " ( played during Picard 's meeting with his mother ) , Jones tried to create an effect identical to the finale of Aaron Copland 's 1944 Appalachian Spring . Alexander Courage 's themes from The Original Series are included in a seven @-@ note ostinato in the pieces " Log " , " Visitors " and " Fly @-@ By " . 
 Ulrich Thomsen as Jonas Skarssen 
 On August 25 , 2011 , Malda resigned as Editor @-@ in @-@ Chief with immediate effect . He did not mention any plans for the future , other than spending more time with his family , catching up on some reading , and possibly writing a book . His final farewell message received over 1 @,@ 400 posts within 24 hours on the site . 
 The Lennons were married on 23 August 1962 at the Mount Pleasant Register office in Liverpool . Fellow Beatles McCartney and George Harrison were in attendance , as was their manager , Brian Epstein , who was best man ; no parents were there . The wedding was farcical , because as soon as the ceremony began a workman in the backyard of the building opposite started using a pneumatic drill which drowned out anything the registrar , Lennon , or Powell said . When the registrar asked for the groom to step forward , Harrison stepped forward instead . With no photographs or flowers the wedding party celebrated afterwards , at Epstein 's invitation , in Reece 's restaurant in Clayton Square , which was the same restaurant where Lennon 's parents , Alfred Lennon and Julia Lennon , had celebrated their marriage in 1938 . Lennon was 21 years old , and Powell 22 . The newlyweds had no honeymoon , as Lennon had to play an engagement at the Riverpark Ballroom in Chester the same night , although they did travel to the Hotel George V in Paris , for a belated honeymoon on 16 September , but were accompanied by Epstein , even though he had not been invited to join them . 
 = = Extinction = = 
 " Pot o ' Gold " is the fourth episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee , and the forty @-@ eighth overall . It was written by Ali Adler , directed by Adam Shankman , and was first broadcast on Fox in the United States on November 1 , 2011 . The episode featured the arrival of Irish foreign exchange student Rory Flanagan ( Glee Project prizewinner Damian McGinty ) at McKinley High , a new challenger to Sue Sylvester ( Jane Lynch ) in her congressional race , and the ongoing fragmentation of the show 's central glee club , New Directions . 
 International Championship Wrestling 
 The province 's eastern , southeastern , and northern reaches range through boreal coniferous forests , muskeg , Canadian Shield and a small section of tundra bordering Hudson Bay . Forests make up about 263 @,@ 000 square kilometres ( 102 @,@ 000 sq mi ) , or 48 percent , of the province 's land area . The forests consist of pines ( mostly jack pine , some red pine ) , spruces ( white , black ) , larch , poplars ( trembling aspen , balsam poplar ) , birch ( white , swamp ) and small pockets of eastern white cedar . The tallgrass prairie dominates the southern and particularly the province 's southeastern parts around the Red River Valley , and is notable for its endangered western prairie fringed orchid , whereas the rest of the south and southwest is predominantly mixed grass prairie . There is a broad zone of aspen parkland ecotone . 
 = = = Coordination chemistry = = = 
 Darragh - Keyboards 
 On October 5 , 2015 , CBS announced that it would be developing a new series titled Drew . In January 2016 , they announced that the pilot would feature Nancy as a non @-@ Caucasian New York City police detective in her thirties . The pilot episode will revolve around Nancy investigating the death of Bess Marvin , who had died six months prior . As of March 2016 , Sarah Shahi is cast as Nancy , Anthony Edwards is set to play Carson Drew , Felix Solis as Lieutenant Ford , Vanessa Ferlito as George Fayne , Steve Kazee as Ned Nickerson , and Debra Monk as Hannah Gruen . The pilot was written by Joan Rater and Tony Phelan and was directed by James Strong . The pilot was shot in New York City . On May 14 , 2016 , it was announced that CBS passed on the Drew pilot , so CBS Studios is shopping it to other networks for series consideration . However , it was not picked up by any of the other networks . 
 = Tropical Storm Faxai ( 2007 ) = 
 Carradine attracted notice in 1985 when he appeared in a major supporting role in North and South , a miniseries about the American Civil War , as the evil and abusive Justin LaMotte . He was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his performance . He also appeared in North and South , Book II , telecast in May 1986 . 
 Many centuries later , both world wars saw fighting in the desert . In the First World War , the Ottoman Turks were engaged with the British regular army in a campaign that spanned the Arabian peninsula . The Turks were defeated by the British , who had the backing of irregular Arab forces that were seeking to revolt against the Turks in the Hejaz , made famous in T. E. Lawrence 's book Seven Pillars of Wisdom . 
 Blythburgh , a mile from Bulcamp and situated near the fordable headwaters of the Blyth estuary , was afterwards believed to be the location of the tombs of Anna and Jurmin . It is a candidate for a monastic site or a royal regio ( estate ) . According to Peter Warner , the Latin derivation of part of the nearby place @-@ name ' Bulcamp ' indicates its ancient origins , and mediaeval sources which claim continuous Christian worship at Blythburgh throughout the Anglo @-@ Saxon period provide circumstantial evidence of its connections with East Anglian royalty and Christianity . Part of an 8th @-@ century whalebone diptych or writing @-@ tablet , used for liturgical purposes , has been found near the site . 
 Whereas many role @-@ playing video games limit the usage of their forms of magic to battles as offensive and defensive measures , Psynergy spells are also heavily used in puzzles and exploration . Some types of Psynergy can only be used in combat ; conversely , some spells are only used in the game 's overworld and in non @-@ battle scenarios . Still other Psynergy can be used for both situations ; for example , the “ Frost ” spell can be used to damage enemies in battle , or to transform puddles of water into elongated pillars of ice as part of a puzzle . Psynergy comes in four elements : Venus ( rocks and plants ) , Mars ( fire and heat ) , Jupiter ( wind and electricity ) , and Mercury ( water and ice ) . The player gains more and more Psynergy spells as the game progresses , either through levelling up or acquiring and equipping , or using , special items , and with each " utility " Psynergy spell the party gains access to more locations and secrets hidden within the game world . Players will be required to return to previous locations in the game to finish off puzzles which they could not solve earlier because of the lack of specific Psynergy spells . 
 In 1974 , Cher won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy for The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour . The same year , Sonny premiered a solo show on ABC , The Sonny Comedy Revue , which carried the creative team behind the Sonny and Cher show . It was canceled after 13 weeks . 
 Seven fleeing militants were killed on the outskirts of Mirali overnight , with three soldiers injured in the exchange of fire . In a separate incident , seven more militants were killed when they tried to flee from the cordoned @-@ off area . Two Pakistani soldiers were reported killed in an exchange of gunfire . Six militant hideouts in Shawal , North Waziristan were destroyed by an early @-@ morning airstrike by two fighter jets , with 27 militants killed . There were no civilians in Shawal . Inter @-@ Services Public Relations ( ISPR ) reported six soldiers killed and three injured in an improvised explosive device ( IED ) explosion between the Afghan border and Ghulam Khan Tehsil in North Waziristan . According to ISPR , a convoy of security forces was targeted on Bane Dar Road in Ghulam Khan ( on the Pakistani @-@ Afghan border ) . Forces cordoned off the area , launching a search operation . Three insurgents were killed by Special Services Group sniper fire while planting IEDs near Miramshah . 
 = = = = January = = = = 
 Super Mario 3D Land was developed by Nintendo EAD Tokyo , which had previously developed Super Mario Galaxy and Super Mario Galaxy 2 , with assistance from Brownie Brown , another subsidiary of Nintendo . Super Mario Galaxy 2 game director Koichi Hayashida directed the game , and the game music was composed by Takeshi Hama , Mahito Yokota and Asuka Hayazaki ( formally known as Asuka Ohta ) . Super Mario 3D Land took two years to develop , starting from a development team of two people and ending with a team of 30 . The game was first announced by Shigeru Miyamoto in November 2010 , stating that both the 3D Mario game as well as a 2D Mario title were in the works for the Nintendo 3DS . Miyamoto described the 3D game as " completely original " and a cross between Super Mario Galaxy and Super Mario 64 . 
 Overseas training continued with the annual NORKA exercises through 2001 , when NORKA was discontinued in favor of NOMAD ( North Sea Operations for Mutual Air Defence ) , a multi @-@ nation ACMI training exercise held annually at RAF Waddington , which Swiss contingents began attending in 2000 . Training in night operations , called NIGHTWAY , began in 1998 at Ørland MAS , Norway , and continued annually except for 1999 and 2005 . Training abroad with NATO nations reflected the changing realities of neutrality , also reflected in 1997 by the official discontinuation within the Swiss Air Force of the " Bambini Code " in favor of the NATO Brevity Code . The Bambini Code , invented in 1941 , was an amalgam of terms in French , German , and Italian for accurate voice communications during high @-@ stress flight operations while the NATO terms are entirely in English and largely developed by the United States Air Force . 
 The highway remained unchanged for over three decades , with the exception of a Connecting Link agreement established between the MTO and the City of Barrie . However , during the late 1990s , the MTO transferred many highways to lower levels of government as a cost @-@ cutting measure . Highway 90 was transferred to Simcoe County on January 1 , 1998 . The Connecting Link through Barrie was also discontinued . Simcoe County has since renamed its portion of the route as Simcoe County Road 10 . 
 Armenia and the Near East . Publisher : J.C. & A.L. Fawcett , Inc . , New York , 1928 . ( excerpts ) . 
 Football matches were regularly held at the camp , in which Trautmann played outfield . However , in a match against amateur team Haydock Park , Trautmann was injured while playing centre @-@ half . He swapped positions with goalkeeper Günther Lühr , and from that day forward played as a goalkeeper . During this time he became known as " Bert " , as the English had trouble pronouncing " Bernd " , the abbreviated version of his name . 
 Britain , Canada , Japan , and other nations supported Indonesia during the occupation of East Timor . Britain abstained from all of the UN General Assembly resolutions relating to East Timor , and sold arms throughout the occupation . In 1978 Indonesia purchased eight BAE Hawk jet trainers , which were used during the " encirclement and annihilation " campaign . Britain sold dozens of additional jets to Indonesia in the 1990s . Canada abstained from early General Assembly resolutions about East Timor , and opposed three . The Canadian government regularly sold weapons to Indonesia during the occupation , and in the 1990s approved over CDN $ 400 million in exports for spare weapons parts . Japan voted against all eight General Assembly resolutions regarding East Timor . 
 IGN contributor Matt Fowler commented that the Jenna and Danny story " felt weak " but that Angie getting her own show " more than made up for it . " Fowler gave the episode an 8 out of 10 rating . Brad Sanders of the Indiana Daily Student commented that " Mrs. Donaghy " had a " solid comeback " , while Entertainment Weekly 's Breia Brissey was glad that the show returned . " The strength of [ ' Mrs. Donaghy ' ] was that , however silly , all of the illogical circumstances of the show can be explained with a bit of reason " , reported Caitlin Smith of The Atlantic . Smith said her favorite scene was when Jack and Liz have a sit down meeting with Jeffrey , and " [ h ] e 's counseling the newly married couple to avoid bringing their personal relationship into work and reads off a lengthy checklist of things to avoid . " Meredith Blake from the Los Angeles Times explained that the reason the series is having a strong season is due to it returning to the basics with the Jack and Liz friendship ; " Somehow , Liz and Jack are such a perfect , if unexpected , pair that this theme manages not to wear thin . Their accidental marriage ... was almost inevitable , the logical end to which the writers could stretch the relationship . It does make you wonder what the writers can possibly do next , but I have faith . " New York magazine 's Willa Paskin enjoyed Tina Fey 's impression of Edith Bouvier Beale during her press conference . Elliott Hammer of The Collegian wrote that Angie 's tagline for her reality show " I 'm Angie and I think elegance and attitude are the same thing " was brilliant . 
 On May 21 , 2013 , Bill Peduto won the Democratic primary and Josh Wander , who had run unopposed in the Republican primary , won his party 's nomination . Peduto defeated Wander and independent Lester Ludwig in the November general election . He was inaugurated as Pittsburgh 's 60th mayor upon the expiration of incumbent Mayor Luke Ravenstahl 's term in January 2014 . The next regular quadrennial mayoral election following the 2013 election is scheduled for November 2017 . 
 The Court of Appeal suggested that , in the light of Chng Suan Tze , the validity of an order for preventive detention made by the Minister under section 30 of the CLTPA is dependent on the objective satisfaction of the Minister . Moreover , in Re Wong Sin Yee ( 2007 ) , which also involved judicial review of an applicant 's detention under section 30 of the CLTPA , the High Court , following the decision in Chng Suan Tze , held that the absence of the need to establish a jurisdictional or precedent fact meant that the scope of judicial review as regards the exercise of the Minister 's discretion under section 30 was limited to the GCHQ grounds of judicial review . The Court thus applied an objective test to the subjectively worded powers in section 30 ; if it Court had applied a subjective test , it would have deferred to the subjective satisfaction of the Minister that the detention was in the interests of public safety , peace and good order . 
 = = = Relief = = = 
 Ever since its establishment after the second Chinese Civil War , the PRC has been claiming the territories governed by the Republic of China ( ROC ) , a separate political entity today commonly known as Taiwan , as a part of its territory , which includes the island of Taiwan as Taiwan Province , Kinmen and Matsu as a part of Fujian Province and islands the ROC controls in the South China Sea as a part of Hainan Province and Guangdong Province . These claims are controversial because of the complicated Cross @-@ Strait relations , and has been one of the most important principles in Chinese diplomacy . 
 Kikai thought that work on a boat might be photogenic , but , having no experience , could not get a job on one . He was eventually accepted on a boat fishing for tuna when he displayed the scar from an unneeded appendectomy as evidence of one risk fewer that his presence might force the boat into port . He worked on the boat in the Pacific from 6 April until 9 November 1972 , with a stop in Manzanillo ( Mexico ) for provisions . It was during this time that he took his first photographs to be published , in the May 1973 issue of Camera Mainichi . In 1973 he won a prize for his submission to the 14th exhibition of the Japan Advertising Photographers ’ Association . But Kikai decided that in order to be a photographer he needed darkroom skills , and he returned to Tokyo to work at Doi Technical Photo ( 1973 – 76 ) . He became a freelance photographer in 1984 , a year after his first solo exhibition and the same year as his second . 
 Shiawase : Indo daichi no kodomo @-@ tachi ( しあわせ ： インド大地の子どもたち ) / Shanti : Children of India . Tokyo : Fukuinkan , 2001 . ISBN 4 @-@ 8340 @-@ 1779 @-@ 6 . Photograph collection ( all monochrome ) : thirteen “ landscape ” photographs across both pages ; and ninety @-@ four “ portrait ” . There are no captions , and the text is in Japanese only . 
 American officers serving under Pulaski had difficulty taking orders from a foreigner who could scarcely speak English and whose ideas of discipline and tactics differed enormously from those to which they were accustomed . This resulted in friction between the Americans and Pulaski and his fellow Polish officers . There was also discontent in the unit over delays in pay , and Pulaski 's imperious personality was a regular source of discontent among his peers , superiors , and subordinates . Pulaski was also unhappy that his suggestion to create a lancer unit was denied . Despite a commendation from Wayne , these circumstances prompted Pulaski to resign his general command in March 1778 , and return to Valley Forge . 
 = = = Sixth patrol = = = 
 The exterior structure of the Ice Dome was designed to resemble a frozen ice droplet . It has also drawn comparisons to a Fabergé egg , due to the light @-@ emitting diodes ( LEDs ) resembling the " jewel @-@ encrusted surface " of the famous Russian art piece . Ustinov confirmed that the building was designed to be " a combination of both . " The roof of the dome is mostly silver in colour and is covered with aluminium panels . It is decorated with 38 @,@ 000 LED lights which illuminate the outside of the arena at night . The roof also doubles as a scoreboard that displays the live score of the game being played inside and an animation of a hockey puck whenever a goal is scored . However , it famously did not display the final score after the United States defeated the hosts Russia 3 – 2 in an overtime shootout during the 2014 Winter Olympics . 
 = Æthelhard = 
 " The Apartment " is the fifth episode of the second season of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld and the show 's tenth episode overall . In the episode , protagonist Jerry Seinfeld ( Jerry Seinfeld ) gets his ex @-@ girlfriend Elaine Benes ( Julia Louis @-@ Dreyfus ) an apartment above his , but regrets this after realizing it might be uncomfortable living so close together . Meanwhile , Jerry 's friend George Costanza ( Jason Alexander ) wears a wedding ring to a party to see what effect this will have on women . 
 = = = Stage 6 = = = 
 = = Themes = = 
 At the first round of pit stops , Hamilton had a lead of nearly 20 seconds over Massa , and fuelled longer than all the other drivers in the points @-@ scoring positions when he pitted on lap 18 . Coming out of the pits , Hamilton made an error and was passed by Trulli . The two drivers then nearly collided at the hairpin , with Hamilton holding back for the rest of the lap waiting for Trulli to pit . Trulli 's teammate Glock stayed out on the track longer than all of the other drivers except Barrichello and Piquet , meaning that when he pitted , he was actually in third position and rejoined the race in eighth . Hamilton regained the lead by lap 22 after Massa , Kovalainen , Trulli and Räikkönen made their pit stops , and had in the region of an 11 second lead over Massa at the half @-@ way stage of the race . Behind the leaders , fourth @-@ placed Kubica was beginning to catch Kovalainen in third , while Trulli , Räikkönen , Alonso and Vettel battled over the final four point @-@ scoring places . 
 = = Subordinate Commands = = 
 = = = Nomination and confirmation = = = 
 The Unbelievers ( 2013 ) 
 In November 1884 , Parker conspired with a group of Boston shippers , who filled Mary Celeste with a largely worthless cargo , misrepresented on the ship 's manifest as valuable goods and insured for US $ 30 @,@ 000 ( $ 790 @,@ 100 today ) . On December 16 , Parker set out for Port @-@ au @-@ Prince , the capital and chief port of Haiti . On January 3 , 1885 , Mary Celeste approached the port via the channel between Gonâve Island and the mainland , in which lay a large and well @-@ charted coral reef , the Rochelois Bank . Parker deliberately ran the ship on to this reef , ripping out her bottom and wrecking her beyond repair . He and the crew then rowed themselves ashore , where Parker sold the salvageable cargo for $ 500 to the American consul , and instituted insurance claims for the alleged value . 
 Starting in 1877 , Trial by Jury was often given at benefit performances , usually for an actor or actress who had fallen on hard times , but occasionally for other causes . These were glittering affairs , with various celebrities appearing in principal roles or as part of the chorus . Gilbert himself played the silent role of the Associate on at least four occasions . 
 <formula> 
 <formula> 
 = = = Club water polo = = = 
 Construction on the predecessor of SR 56 began on November 16 , 1987 , the Newland @-@ California Company paying for the work as a local developer . Around 1990 , the North City Parkway was completed as a two @-@ lane road between Rancho Peñasquitos Boulevard ( then Peñasquitos Boulevard ) and I @-@ 15 , along the proposed route of SR 56 . The first official segment of the freeway from Black Mountain Road to I @-@ 15 was constructed next , beginning on July 25 , 1991 by Daley Corporation and W.R. Connelly Inc . This was scheduled to open in May 1993 , at a cost of $ 13 million ( about $ 29 @.@ 8 million in 2015 dollars ) . 
 On 11 September 1917 , some five months after the United States declared war on Germany , the United States Army chartered Minnesotan for transporting animals to Europe in support of the American Expeditionary Force . Although there is no information about the specific conversion of Minnesotan , for other ships this typically meant that passenger accommodations had to be ripped out and replaced with ramps and stalls for the horses and mules carried . 
 The mission consisted of about forty missionaries , some of whom were monks . Soon after leaving Rome , the missionaries halted , daunted by the nature of the task before them . They sent Augustine back to Rome to request papal permission to return , which Gregory refused , and instead sending Augustine back with letters to encourage the missionaries to persevere . Another reason for the pause may have been the receipt of news of the death of King Childebert II , who had been expected to help the missionaries ; Augustine may have returned to Rome to secure new instructions and letters of introduction , as well as to update Gregory on the new political situation in Gaul . Most likely , they halted in the Rhone valley . Gregory also took the opportunity to name Augustine as abbot of the mission . Augustine then returned to the rest of the missionaries , with new instructions , probably including orders to seek consecration as a bishop on the Continent if the conditions in Kent warranted it . 
 All songs written and composed by Paul Simon , except where noted . 
 Other North Carolina defensive players also performed well during the season . Defensive tackle Vonnie Holliday was named a first @-@ team All @-@ ACC selection after earning 64 tackles — 13 for loss . Fellow defensive tackle Russell Davis finished just behind Holliday in total tackles with 60 . 
 = = = World sport context = = = 
 Marc Roberts sang " Chances " at Eurosong 2008 , composed by himself . Roberts performed the Irish entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1997 in Dublin , finishing in second place . His performance at Eurosong involved him singing from a microphone stand , with two male and two female singers singing back @-@ up , with the female singers swaying to the song . Roberts wore a shirt and tie , with the backing singers wearing black . 
 Algae blooms have occurred on Harveys Lake due to high levels of nutrients in the water . 
 = Airborne real @-@ time cueing hyperspectral enhanced reconnaissance = 
 Rare originally planned to include a multiplayer mode and more worlds to the game , but these features were not implemented due to time constraints ; some of these would later be included in the sequel Banjo @-@ Tooie instead . In addition , a feature called " Stop ' N ' Swop " , which would have allowed data to be transferred between both Banjo @-@ Kazooie and Banjo @-@ Tooie , remains incomplete in the game . The feature was never fully implemented due to technical difficulties in the Nintendo 64 hardware . The actual development of the game took overall 17 months to complete after Rare discarded Project Dream , the first two of these being spent experimenting with Dream 's graphic technology . A working version of the game was shown at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June 1997 . The game was initially scheduled for a release in late 1997 , but was eventually delayed . It was released on 29 June 1998 in North America and 17 July 1998 in Europe . 
 Pacific typhoon seasons : 1990 , 1991 
 George Washington - First President of the United States 
 The episode 's director , Mark Kirkland , said he enjoyed directing the episode because the characters ' emotions throughout it are " very human and real " . He believed many viewers watching the episode would recognize the emotions from experiences in their own lives , and would feel sympathy for the characters . The idea of Homer annoying the people at the movie theater was based on an experience Groening had with a friend of his when he was younger . They were sitting by themselves in a movie theater and two " annoying " women sat down right in front of them . Groening 's friend told the women to move and they did . One of the women then turned to Groening and his friend and said , " Now are you satisfied ? " , to which Groening 's friend replied : " I won 't be satisfied until I see you burn in hell . " 
 Two conventions were held in the mid @-@ 1990s in Liverpool . The events , in aid of the NSPCC , were each titled " Both Sides of the Paper " and were attended by Steven Moffat , Sandra Hastie , Dexter Fletcher , Paul Reynolds , Kelda Holmes and Nick Stringer . There were screenings of extended rough cuts of " A Quarter to Midnight " and " There Are Crocodiles " , along with auctions of wardrobe and props . When Virgin Publishing prevented Paul Cornell from writing an episode guide , the Press Gang Programme Guide , edited by Jim Sangster , was published by Leomac Publishing in 1995 . Sangster , O 'Brien and Adrian Petford collaborated with Network DVD on the extra features for the DVD releases . 
 Bashiri Johnson - additional percussion 
 After starting his career with Nîmes Olympique , Cissé signed for AJ Auxerre at the age of 15 . Playing for the youth team in 1999 , Cissé won the Coupe Gambardella , the equivalent of the FA Youth Cup . After promotion to the first team squad by coach Guy Roux , Cissé made his Ligue 1 debut at the age of 17 as a substitute against Paris Saint @-@ Germain on 20 March 1999 . His first goal came at the start of the 2000 – 01 season in a 2 – 1 defeat of FC Metz . He ended this season , his first as a regular in the first team , with eight goals from 25 games . 
 Prior to DJ Hero 's release , game industry analysts had projected the title would sell 1 @.@ 6 million units in its first fiscal quarter ; however , after disappointing sales performances of Guitar Hero 5 and The Beatles : Rock Band in the month prior to DJ Hero 's release , analysis had lowered that expectation to 600 @,@ 000 units . NPD Group figures for the month of October reported only 123 @,@ 000 units of the game were sold in the United States , below the 175 @,@ 000 units projected by analysts . November sales in North America were estimated at 211 @,@ 000 units . Through January 2010 , the game has sold 789 @,@ 000 units in North America . Ars Technica , in considering the game as a " flop " in its present market due to these numbers , attributes the failure being due to four factors : the game was not suited for social play , the cost was prohibitive in the current market , the mixes in the game were relatively unknown despite the individual songs being well @-@ known , and there was a lack of familiarity with how a turntable works for mixing compared with a guitar or drum kit . However , despite these figures , Activision claims that DJ Hero is the highest @-@ grossing new intellectual property of 2009 in North America based on NPD data , which reporters attribute to the game 's higher cost . Activision 's Dan Amirch cited total North American sales of over 1 @.@ 2 million units by June 2010 , and commented on the " long tail " of sales that made DJ Hero initially appear to be a failure but instead has been considered a successful title by his company but they ran out of business . They still make money off their games today . 
 = = = Impact = = = 
 By 1922 , R. R. Rochell 's Grapico had been expanded into the Florida soft drink market . With Grapico Bottling Company ( Mississippi ) dissolved in 1925 and Pan American prohibited from using the name " Grapico " in connection with the Grapico artificial grape drink , Rochell became the sole supplier of bottled Grapico in Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Mississippi , and Louisiana in 1929 . 
 The series features many characters from Nintendo 's most popular franchises , including Mario , Fox McCloud , Link , Kirby , Samus Aran and Pikachu . The original Super Smash Bros. had 12 playable characters , and the roster count has risen to 26 characters in Melee , 39 in Brawl , and 58 in 3DS / Wii U ( seven of which are downloadable ) . Some characters are able to transform into different forms that have different styles of play and sets of moves . The games also feature non @-@ playable Nintendo characters , like Ridley and Petey Piranha . In Brawl , two third @-@ party characters were added , Solid Snake and Sonic the Hedgehog . Additional third @-@ party characters Mega Man , Pac @-@ Man , Ryu , Cloud Strife and Bayonetta appeared in 3DS and Wii U , while Solid Snake was removed from the line @-@ up . 
 = = Local government = = 
 " Lies and hypocrisy do not survive for long on the chessboard . The creative combination lays bare the presumption of a lie , while the merciless fact , culminating in a checkmate , contradicts the hypocrite . " 
 In January 2010 , Wilders was invited again to show his anti @-@ Quran movie Fitna in the British House of Lords by Lord Pearson UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) , and cross @-@ bencher Baroness Cox . Wilders accepted the invitation and was present for a showing of the movie in the House of Lords on 5 March . In his speech he quoted ominous words from Winston Churchill 's book The River War from 1899 : 
 Also , the Dutch Foreign Ministry allegedly would have issued guidelines to its embassies on how to react to questions about the role being played by the PVV and Wilders in the formation of a new government . On 10 August 2010 , the website of Dutch daily newspaper NRC Handelsblad published the ministry memo . The ministry itself however had declined " to confirm or deny " the authenticity of these guidelines . One question posed is how Wilders could be taking part in negotiations on forming a government coalition when he has been indicted for inciting hatred and discrimination , and for insulting a group of persons . Other questions covered possible bans on the building of new mosques , on the Quran and on Islamic schools in the Netherlands . The memo stressed that such bans would breach the Dutch constitution . 
 The next morning Butler sent Brant and some rangers back into the village to complete its destruction . The raiders took 70 captives , many of them women and children . About 40 of these Butler managed to have released , but the rest were distributed among their captors ' villages until they were exchanged . Lt. Col. Stacy was taken to Fort Niagara as a prisoner of the British . 
 = = = Other reactions and analyses = = = 
 Jürgen Roelandts ( Lotto @-@ Soudal ) attacked after the summit of the Kemmelberg . He initially built a small lead over the chasing group , which was led by riders from Etixx @-@ Quick Step . They stopped chasing , however , after Zdeněk Štybar suffered a puncture . This allowed riders to attack the group . Stijn Vandenbergh ( Etixx @-@ Quick Step ) was the first to attack ; he was then joined first by Daniel Oss ( BMC ) and Thomas , and then also by Jens Debusschere ( Lotto @-@ Soudal ) and Vanmarcke . Despite their superior numbers , Roelandts as able to maintain his lead ; the peloton , meanwhile , quickly fell a long way behind . Riders continued to crash during this period , including Sylvain Chavanel ( IAM Cycling ) and Mat Hayman ( Orica – GreenEDGE ) . Jack Bauer ( Cannondale @-@ Garmin ) suffered a crash when another rider 's rain jacket got caught in the spokes of his wheels ; he picked up his bike and threw it into a ditch . With many of the team cars full , some riders asked for directions so that they could ride directly to their team hotels rather than completing the race . 
 Sullivan , Gordon ( 2008 ) . Saving Homewaters : The Story of Montana 's Streams and Rivers . Woodstock , VT : The Countryman Press . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 88150 @-@ 679 @-@ 2 . 
 = = = Single @-@ player = = = 
 = = Charts = = 
 Geological sampling was undertaken by the Norwegian Geological Survey and Grøner , and included both core samples and reflection seismology . Late core samples showed that the tunnel would have to be located 30 meters ( 98 ft ) further down than originally planned to avoid deposits . The tunnel construction was awarded to two companies : the contract starting from Dalshovda in Sveio and was worked by the Public Roads Administration , while the tunneling from Føyno was worked by NCC . Both used the drilling and blasting method . NCC was awarded the contract after bidding NOK 175 million for the job . Construction from Sveio started on 16 September 1997 and from Føyno on 6 March 1998 . In all , 625 @,@ 000 cubic meters ( 22 @,@ 100 @,@ 000 cu ft ) of earthwork was extracted . The earthwork from the Føyno side was transported by bardge to Austevoll and used to build the Austevoll Bridge . The earthwork from the Sveio side was used to build roads and a golf course in the area . In average , the tunnel was built at a speed of 55 meters ( 180 ft ) per week , with the record being 96 @.@ 7 meters ( 317 ft ) . Between 30 and 40 people worked with the tunneling on each team . The lowest point was reached on 5 May 1999 and the breakthrough took place on 2 September 1999 , five months before schedule . Construction involved injection of 282 tonnes ( 278 long tons ; 311 short tons ) and spraying of 14 @,@ 900 cubic meters ( 530 @,@ 000 cu ft ) of gunite . 
 Some proofs that 0 @.@ 999 … 
 Ekaterina II had two 3 @-@ cylinder vertical compound steam engines built by the Baltic Works . Fourteen cylindrical boilers , also built by the Baltic Works , provided steam to the engines . The engines had a total designed output of 9 @,@ 000 indicated horsepower ( 6 @,@ 700 kW ) , but they produced 9 @,@ 101 ihp ( 6 @,@ 787 kW ) on trials and gave a top speed of 15 @.@ 25 knots ( 28 @.@ 24 km / h ; 17 @.@ 55 mph ) . At full load she carried 900 long tons ( 910 t ) of coal that provided her a range of 2 @,@ 800 nautical miles ( 5 @,@ 200 km ; 3 @,@ 200 mi ) at a speed of 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) and 1 @,@ 367 nautical miles ( 2 @,@ 532 km ; 1 @,@ 573 mi ) at 14 @.@ 5 knots ( 26 @.@ 9 km / h ; 16 @.@ 7 mph ) . 
 = = Home media = = 
 In November 1999 , Jarrah left Hamburg for Afghanistan , where he spent three months . While there , he met with al @-@ Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in January 2000 . Jarrah returned to Hamburg at the end of January and obtained a clean passport in February by reporting his passport as stolen . 
 The Nanking Massacre was reported internationally within a week of occurring and the first estimate of the full death toll was published on January 24 , 1938 , in the New China Daily . Here Australian journalist Harold Timperley was quoted as stating that 300 @,@ 000 civilians had been killed . However , Timperley 's source for this number was the French humanitarian Father Jacquinot , who was in Shanghai at the time of the massacre , and it might also have included civilian casualties of the Battle of Shanghai . Timperley included a second estimate in his book published later the same year , Japanese Terror In China , which quoted " a foreign member of the University faculty " as stating that " close to 40 @,@ 000 unarmed persons were killed within and near the walls of Nanking " . The source of this information was Miner Searle Bates , an American resident in Nanking who had used the burial records of the Red Swastika Society in his calculations . 
 An individual player 's turn batting or plate appearance is complete when the player reaches base , hits a home run , makes an out , or hits a ball that results in the team 's third out , even if it is recorded against a teammate . On rare occasions , a batter may be at the plate when , without the batter 's hitting the ball , a third out is recorded against a teammate — for instance , a runner getting caught stealing ( tagged out attempting to steal a base ) . A batter with this sort of incomplete plate appearance starts off the team 's next turn batting ; any balls or strikes recorded against the batter the previous inning are erased . A runner may circle the bases only once per plate appearance and thus can score at most a single run per batting turn . Once a player has completed a plate appearance , that player may not bat again until the eight other members of the player 's team have all taken their turn at bat . The batting order is set before the game begins , and may not be altered except for substitutions . Once a player has been removed for a substitute , that player may not reenter the game . Children 's games often have more liberal substitution rules . 
 The book , illustrated artistically by Abbott Thayer , sets out the controversial thesis that all animal coloration has the evolutionary purpose of camouflage . Thayer rejected Charles Darwin 's theory of sexual selection , arguing in words and paintings that even such conspicuous animal features as the peacock 's tail or the brilliant pink of flamingoes or roseate spoonbills were effective as camouflage in the right light . 
 = = = High Middle Ages ( 1066 – 1272 ) = = = 
 Chesma was named after the Russian victory at the Battle of Chesma in 1770 . She was built by the Russian Steam Navigation Company ( RoPIT ) at Sevastopol . She was laid down in late June 1883 , launched on 18 May 1886 , and completed on 29 May 1889 . She served with the Black Sea Fleet until 1907 . She was inactive in 1895 , probably for mechanical problems . Chesma conducted trials in 1902 with towing spherical observation balloons and she was re @-@ boilered the following year . Plans were made for a radical reconstruction to be done while her boilers were being replaced . The rebuilding involved cutting her down by one deck and replacing her armament with two twin @-@ gun turrets equipped with 12 @-@ inch 40 @-@ caliber guns and ten 6 @-@ inch 45 @-@ caliber guns between the turrets in an armoured citadel that used Krupp armor . This proved to be too expensive and it was cancelled , but not before the armor and turrets had been ordered . Her turrets were used to equip the pre @-@ dreadnought Ioann Zlatoust , then under construction . 
 SEBASTENO PROCVRATORE AVGVSTI DEVOTISSIMO NVMINI EIVS A SOLO FACIENDVM CVRAVIT 
 The fort sustained considerable damage during the Croatian War of Independence , which lasted from 1991 until 1995 . The war brought structural damage from collapsing roofs , walls and floors . These damages threaten plaster , sculpture and murals that lack proper protection and are subject to continuing decay . 
 = Peter Martyr Vermigli = 
 On my suggestion , the Führer has decided that the risk must be stood to award contracts at once for the " high @-@ pressure pump , " without waiting for the results of firing trials . Maximum support is to be accorded to the experimental ranges at Hillersleben and Misdroy , and especially to the completion of the actual battery . 
 Botany ( Greek Βοτάνη - grass , fodder ; Medieval Latin botanicus – herb , plant ) and zoology are , historically , the core disciplines of biology whose history is closely associated with the natural sciences chemistry , physics and geology . A distinction can be made between botanical science in a pure sense , as the study of plants themselves , and botany as applied science , which studies the human use of plants . Early natural history divided pure botany into three main streams morphology @-@ classification , anatomy and physiology – that is , external form , internal structure , and functional operation . The most obvious topics in applied botany are horticulture , forestry and agriculture although there are many others like weed science , plant pathology , floristry , pharmacognosy , economic botany and ethnobotany which lie outside modern courses in botany . Since the origin of botanical science there has been a progressive increase in the scope of the subject as technology has opened up new techniques and areas of study . Modern molecular systematics , for example , entails the principles and techniques of taxonomy , molecular biology , computer science and more . 
 The show was originally entitled We Are Mongrels , but the title had to be changed for two reasons : one was that the title was too similar to another BBC Three comedy show , We Are Klang . The other is that none of the characters were mongrels . Therefore new suggestions were called for . Rejected titles included I , Nelson ; Humans ! Everywhere ! ; Undergrowth and Never Been Stroked . The last of these titles was rejected after one of the show 's additional writers , Danielle Ward ; " said it sounded like ' a makeover show for virgins ' . " During this time the crew referred to the show as Mongrels and it eventually became the show 's title . 
 Erosion threatens the island 's very existence , it is believed that it was around eight acres in 1639 before being reduced to 5 @.@ 70 acres by 1818 . By 1987 , the total area has fallen to 2 @.@ 87 acres and it was projected that it could lose another 12 inches each year until it disappears into the sea around 2026 . 
 Posey grew up in Leesburg , Georgia . He played four sports in high school ; when playing baseball , he excelled at hitting and pitching . He attended Florida State University , where he began playing the catcher position . He won the Golden Spikes Award in 2008 and was selected by the Giants with the fifth overall pick in the 2008 Major League Baseball draft . Posey made his major league debut on September 11 , 2009 . After beginning the 2010 season in the minor leagues , he was called back up to the major leagues in May . With the presence of then full @-@ time catcher Bengie Molina , Posey played first base when originally called up to the majors , but became the Giants ' regular catcher at the end of June when Molina was traded to the Texas Rangers , the team the Giants would later face in the World Series . 
 = = Battle = = 
 = = = Return journeys = = = 
 Primary HIV infection : May be either asymptomatic or associated with acute retroviral syndrome . 
 Michael Levin – bass ( 2000 – 2002 ) 
 Bell was then an employee of the Ritz @-@ Carlton in Philadelphia . At one point , he tried his hand as a stock broker and lost $ 50 @,@ 000 ( presently , $ 689 @,@ 050 ) during the Wall Street Crash of 1929 . His father bailed him out of his deprivation , and he returned to working at the Ritz . From 1930 until 1932 , he was a backfield coach for the Temple Owls football team . In 1932 , Marshall tried to coax Bell into buying the rights to a NFL franchise , but Bell disparaged the league and ridiculed the idea . When Pop Warner was hired to coach Temple for the 1933 season , Warner chose to hire his own assistants and Bell was let go . 
 = = = Success in America ( 1990 – 94 ) = = = 
 After the war the British discovered Ball 's grave , which had been behind enemy lines , in the Annoeullin Cemetery . In December 1918 , personnel of No. 207 Squadron RAF erected a new cross in place of the one left by the Germans . The Imperial War Graves Commission ( now Commonwealth War Graves Commission ) were working at the time to consolidate the British war graves into fewer cemeteries ; 23 British bodies in graves in the location where Ball was buried were moved to the Cabaret Rouge British Cemetery , but at his father 's request Ball 's grave was allowed to remain . Albert Sr. paid for a private memorial to be erected over Ball 's grave , No. 643 , in what later became the Annoeullin Communal Cemetery and German Extension . Ball 's is the only British grave from the First World War in this extension , the rest being German . Ball 's father also bought the French field where his son had died and erected a memorial stone on the crash site . 
 Eliminated at convention : Marisa DeFranco , immigration lawyer 
 Most of the band 's lyrics were written by MacKaye . Like the group 's appearance , their lyrical subject matter reacted against the then dominant New Wave scene , and the perceived complacency that many first @-@ wave punk bands , including the Clash and the Damned seemed to have fallen into by the early 1980s . In " Fleeting Fury " , Strejcek pleads , " The clothes you wear have lost their sting / So 's the fury in the songs you sing " . The Teen Idles were strongly influenced by punk bands in Washington and California , such as Bad Brains , Black Flag , and the Germs . These band 's influence is reflected in The Teen Idles ' songs , which consisted mostly of Strejcek shouting over a one @-@ two hardcore beat , with MacKaye and Grindle providing short and speedy riffs , interspersed with quick guitar solos from Grindle . 
 All Teen Idles records were issued by Dischord Records 
 Carney began his Foreign Service Officer career in Vietnam in 1967 as a rotation officer based in Saigon for biographic and youth affairs and for commercial matters . He was then stationed in Lesotho as second of two officers in charge of consular , political and economic affairs until 1971 . In 1972 , he was appointed Second Secretary at the U.S. Mission in Phnom Penh , before returning to the United States to study at Cornell University in 1975 . 
 = = Reception = = 
 Despite their sometimes differing viewpoints , these experts generally agree that Bismarck would have eventually foundered if the Germans had not scuttled her first . Ballard estimated that Bismarck could still have floated for at least a day when the British vessels ceased fire and could have been captured by the Royal Navy , a position supported by the historian Ludovic Kennedy ( who was serving on the destroyer HMS Tartar at the time ) . Kennedy stated , " That she would have foundered eventually there can be little doubt ; but the scuttling ensured that it was sooner rather than later . " When asked whether Bismarck would have sunk if the Germans had not scuttled the ship , Cameron replied " Sure . But it might have taken half a day . " In Mearns ' subsequent book Hood and Bismarck , he conceded that scuttling " may have hastened the inevitable , but only by a matter of minutes . " Ballard later concluded that " As far as I was concerned , the British had sunk the ship regardless of who delivered the final blow . " 
 Matches lost ; F 
 The music video of the song appears on the video albums : Video Greatest Hits – HIStory , HIStory on Film , Volume II , Number Ones , on the bonus DVD of Thriller 25 and Michael Jackson 's Vision . 
 Described as Andrew Schwab 's opus the record promises to be a fresh take on the P86 sound . Schwab said , " On this record I was really able to take the reins of the creative process in a direction I was passionate about . I was able to write songs that pushed me to grow as an artist . It was also insanely fun to have so many of my friends involved in the process and at this point in the game that is what its about . I am really looking forward to people hearing this album . " With concert goers noting the new energy of the songs and new band members Scott Davis on drums , Dustinn Lowry on guitar and Mikee " Norman " Williams on bass it seems P86 has benefited from a back to basics reinvention . 
 A chattering sound is made by rapidly gnashing the teeth , and is generally a sign of warning . Guinea pigs tend to raise their heads when making this sound . 
 The season @-@ by @-@ season performance of the club over the recent years : 
 = = = Music = = = 
 In his role as Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief , Mediterranean , Cunningham had to negotiate with the French Admiral Rene @-@ Emile Godfroy for the demilitarisation and internment of a French squadron at Alexandria , in June 1940 , following the Fall of France . Churchill had ordered Cunningham to prevent the French warships from leaving port , and to ensure that French warships did not pass into enemy hands . Stationed at the time at Alexandria , Cunningham entered into delicate negotiations with Godfroy to ensure his fleet , which consisted of the battleship Lorraine , four cruisers , three destroyers and a submarine , posed no threat . The Admiralty ordered Cunningham to complete the negotiations on 3 July . Just as an agreement seemed imminent Godfroy heard of the British action against the French at Mers el Kebir and , for a while , Cunningham feared a battle between French and British warships in the confines of Alexandria harbour . The deadline was overrun but negotiations ended well , after Cunningham put them on a more personal level and had the British ships appeal to their French opposite numbers . Cunningham 's negotiations succeeded and the French emptied their fuel bunkers and removed the firing mechanisms from their guns . Cunningham in turn promised to repatriate the ships ' crews . 
 After the war , and under Nixon 's presidency , the U.S. reestablished relations with Egypt for the first time since 1967 . Nixon used the Middle East crisis to restart the stalled Middle East Peace Negotiations ; he wrote in a confidential memo to Kissinger on October 20 : 
 Lasser allowed the letter column to become a free discussion of ideas and values , and published stories dealing with topics such as the relationship between the sexes . One such story , Thomas S. Gardner 's " The Last Woman " , portrayed a future in which men , having evolved beyond the need for love , keep the last woman in a museum . In " The Venus Adventurer " , an early story by John Wyndham , a spaceman corrupts the innocent natives of Venus . Lasser avoided printing space opera , and several stories from Wonder in the early 1930s were more realistic than most contemporary space fiction . Examples include Edmond Hamilton 's " A Conquest of Space " , P. Schuyler Miller 's " The Forgotten Man of Space " , and several stories by Frank K. Kelly , including " The Moon Tragedy " . 
 Kondo had two specific goals for his music : " to convey an unambiguous sonic image of the game world " , and " to enhance the emotional and physical experience of the gamer " . The music of Super Mario Bros. is coordinated with the onscreen animations of the various sprites , which was one way he created a sense of greater immersion . He wasn 't the first to do this , for example , Space Invaders has a simple song that gets faster and faster as the aliens speed up , eliciting a sense of stress and impending doom that matches the increasing challenge of the game . However , he took the idea further than that , saying that , “ the guiding question which decides whether to accept or reject his own ( and , more recently , others ’ ) musical tracks is : do the game and music fit one another ? ” 
 On November 25 , 2013 , WatchMojo.com ranked the glitch at No. 1 in the video " Top 10 Video Game Glitches " . 
 On 16 April 2011 , Radiohead released two tracks not included on The King of Limbs but worked on during the same sessions , " Supercollider " and " The Butcher " , as a double single for Record Store Day . They later released the tracks as free downloads to those who had purchased The King of Limbs from the Radiohead website . 
 Despite its name , SEATO mostly included countries located outside of the region but with an interest either in the region or the organization itself . They were Australia , France , New Zealand , Pakistan ( including East Pakistan , now Bangladesh ) , the Philippines , Thailand , the United Kingdom and the United States . 
 Micronauts : The New Voyages # 2 ( Marvel , 1984 ) 
 = = = Origins = = = 
 The Mint struck pattern pieces of the smaller size , with various shapes and compositions . An 11 @-@ sided coin was considered , which would have differentiated it from the quarter , but the patterns would not work in vending machines . Such exotic metals as titanium were considered before the Mint decided on the standard clad composition . Gasparro prepared , for the circulating pieces , a design showing Liberty with flowing hair , similar to early American coins . 
 In the Northern Isles the Norse language brought by Scandinavian occupiers and settlers evolved into the local Norn , which lingered until the end of the eighteenth century and Norse may also have survived as a spoken language until the sixteenth century in the Outer Hebrides . French , Flemish and particularly English became the main language of Scottish burghs , most of which were located in the south and east , an area to which Anglian settlers had already brought a form of Old English . In the later part of the twelfth century , the writer Adam of Dryburgh described lowland Lothian as " the Land of the English in the Kingdom of the Scots " . At least from the accession of David I , Gaelic ceased to be the main language of the royal court and was probably replaced by French , as evidenced by reports from contemporary chronicles , literature and translations of administrative documents into the French language . After this " de @-@ gallicisation " of the Scottish court , a less highly regarded order of bards took over the functions of the filidh and they would continue to act in a similar role in the Highlands and Islands into the eighteenth century . They often trained in bardic schools , of which a few , like the one run by the MacMhuirich dynasty , who were bards to the Lord of the Isles , existed in Scotland and a larger number in Ireland , until they were suppressed from the seventeenth century . Members of bardic schools were trained in the complex rules and forms of Gaelic poetry . Much of their work was never written down and what survives was only recorded from the sixteenth century . 
 From 1935 until he left Britain early in 1939 , Auden worked as freelance reviewer , essayist , and lecturer , first with the G.P.O. Film Unit , a documentary film @-@ making branch of the post office , headed by John Grierson . Through his work for the Film Unit in 1935 he met and collaborated with Benjamin Britten , with whom he also worked on plays , song cycles , and a libretto . Auden 's plays in the 1930s were performed by the Group Theatre , in productions that he supervised to varying degrees . 
 The album 's muddy , gritty sound was due in part to this overdubbing and erasing and mixing techniques nearly drowned out undubbed sounds . Miles Marshall Lewis stated " Never before on a Sly and the Family Stone album were songs open to so much interpretation , and even more so , dripping with cynicism . On the other hand you can hardly hear what he 's saying for most of the album . Like Radiohead 's Kid A or even the Rolling Stones ' Exile on Main St. more recent to the time , a murkiness in the mix of the record inhibits complete comprehension of the words . " Stone felt that the rhythm box made unrealistic sounds if used as designed , so he resorted to overdubbing the drum sounds manually , again contributing to the difficult mix . 
 = = = CD reissue = = = 
 They announced their forthcoming project in the Spanish media , stating that they were choosing ten songs for the album and that it would be released in the fall of 2011 or early in 2012 . In the end they created several more songs than they had planned . When asked if the album might be released in March 2012 , marking the 17th anniversary of Selena 's death , Abraham said that it was a possibility . Many media outlets called it a remix album . Abraham told the press that it would be released in five volumes , with ten tracks on each . 
 = Prithu = 
 = = Classification and type material = = 
 One of Jackson 's first documented relationships was with the child actress Tatum O 'Neal in the 1970s . Their friendship was established by the time O 'Neal was 12 and Jackson was 17 , and featured in gossip columns for several years after . Jackson reflected in 1982 that he and O 'Neal had been engaged in a serious relationship , but because both were busy , it had " cooled off " to the point of their remaining just friends . 
 During the 1920s and 1930s , Japan was one of the world 's two largest producers of motion pictures , along with the United States . Though the country 's film industry was among the first to produce both sound and talking features , the full changeover to sound proceeded much more slowly than in the West . It appears that the first Japanese sound film , Reimai ( Dawn ) , was made in 1926 with the De Forest Phonofilm system . Using the sound @-@ on @-@ disc Minatoki system , the leading Nikkatsu studio produced a pair of talkies in 1929 : Taii no musume ( The Captain 's Daughter ) and Furusato ( Hometown ) , the latter directed by Kenji Mizoguchi . The rival Shochiku studio began the successful production of sound @-@ on @-@ film talkies in 1931 using a variable @-@ density process called Tsuchibashi . Two years later , however , more than 80 percent of movies made in the country were still silents . Two of the country 's leading directors , Mikio Naruse and Yasujiro Ozu , did not make their first sound films until 1935 and 1936 , respectively . As late as 1938 , over a third of all movies produced in Japan were shot without dialogue . 
 = = = Selected publications = = = 
 Boxleiter and Wohlwend met in an experimental video game development class at Iowa State University . Wohlwend had attempted to help Boxleiter with a project , but quit after drawing a few aliens . Boxleiter said he " didn 't like [ Wohlwend ] much after that " . They met again as coworkers at the university 's Virtual Reality Application Center during Boxleiter 's final year of college ( Wohlwend 's penultimate year ) . Upon discovering their close interests , they began to work on an Adobe Flash game named Dinowaurs while they completed college . Boxleiter graduated in 2007 with a degree in computer science , and Wohlwend a year later with a degree in graphic design . They concluded that they needed a company to make money while they worked on the game with collaborators , and around May 2007 , founded Intuition Games at the university 's Research Park . They decided to stay in Ames , Iowa due to its financial feasibility and local connections , but two other members of the team , Josh Larson and Ted Martens , lived in Des Moines and Chicago , respectively . The team met as students at Iowa State through work and game development circles . They saw Flash games as an easy entry point into full @-@ time self @-@ employment , but planned to eventually work on console platforms such as WiiWare . Before Dinowaurs , the team made a game about a destructive porpoise , which was abandoned when Dinowaurs received funding . 
 The film was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and shot in the United Kingdom and the United States . The film premiered in London at the Odeon Leicester Square on February 25 , 2010 , and was released in Australia on March 4 , 2010 , and the following day in the United Kingdom and the United States through the Disney Digital 3D , RealD 3D , and IMAX 3D formats well as in conventional theaters . 
 While Méchain and Delambre were completing their survey , the commission had ordered a series of platinum bars to be made based on the provisional metre . When the final result was known , the bar whose length was closest to the meridianal definition of the metre was selected and placed in the French National Archives on 22 June 1799 ( 4 messidor An VII in the Republican calendar ) as a permanent record of the result : this standard metre bar became known as the mètre des Archives . 
 Originally an agricultural area noted for dairy farming , domestic spinning and weaving led to a considerable silk and , in the 20th century , cotton industry . Leigh also exploited the underlying coal measures particularly after the town was connected to the canals and railways . Leigh had an important engineering base . The legacy of Leigh 's industrial past can be seen in the remaining red brick mills – some of which are listed buildings – although it is now a mainly residential town , with Edwardian and Victorian terraced housing packed around the town centre . Leigh 's present @-@ day economy is based largely on the retail sector . 
 = = = Namesakes from outside the Marine Corps = = = 
 Bretagne was 166 meters ( 544 ft 7 in ) long overall and had a beam of 26 @.@ 9 m ( 88 ft 3 in ) and a full @-@ load draft of 9 @.@ 8 m ( 32 ft 2 in ) . She displaced around 25 @,@ 000 metric tons ( 25 @,@ 000 long tons ; 28 @,@ 000 short tons ) at full load and had a crew of between 1124 and 1133 officers and enlisted men . She was powered by four Parsons steam turbines with twenty @-@ four Niclausse boilers . They were rated at 29 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 22 @,@ 000 kW ) and provided a top speed of 20 knots ( 37 km / h ; 23 mph ) . Coal storage amounted to 2 @,@ 680 t ( 2 @,@ 640 long tons ; 2 @,@ 950 short tons ) . 
 In early 1942 , with the United States now embroiled World War II , Arthur Compton concentrated the Manhattan Project 's various teams working on plutonium at the Metallurgical Laboratory at the University of Chicago . Zinn used athletes to build Fermi 's increasingly large experimental configurations under the stands of the disused Stagg Field . In July 1942 , Fermi measured a k = 1 @.@ 007 from a uranium oxide lattice . This raised hopes that pure uranium would yield a suitable value of k . 
 Notes 
 1998 – 99 
 = = Area and borders = = 
 " Dude Ranch " features guest stars Tim Blake Nelson as Hank and Reid Ewing as Dylan . Serving as the first part of the one @-@ hour season premiere , the episode revolves around the three families traveling to a dude ranch . 
 In June 2016 , Shueisha announced the series will have a live @-@ action adaptation of the series . It is slated to be premiere in 2017 . Direction of the film as well as the script is being handled by Yūichi Fukuda . Additionally , Shueisha said that Gintoki will be portrayed by Shun Oguri . 
 According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by EMI Music Publishing , " Toxic " is composed in the key of C minor , with a tempo of 143 beats per minute . Spears 's vocal range spans from the low note of F3 to the high note of G5 . Lyrically , " Toxic " talks about being addicted to a lover . Spears refers to her addiction in the lyrics , and sings lines such as " Too high / Can 't come down / Losing my head / Spinning round and round " in a falsetto . A reviewer from Popdust called the verse " The most representative lyric of the song 's delirious , disorienting charm . " " Toxic " ends with an outro in which Spears sings the lines , " Intoxicate me now / With your lovin ' now / I think I 'm ready now . " Nick Southall of Stylus Magazine said the lyrics made Spears sound afraid of sex . 
 = Operation Ladbroke = 
 = = Results = = 
 Evans sought to include more members from the Southwestern U.S. in leadership ; previously the Klan had been led by people from the Southeast . In 1922 , Evans supported the successful U.S. Senate candidacy of the Texas politician Earle Bradford Mayfield , an event that demonstrated that Klan @-@ supported candidates could win prominent offices . The next year , Evans returned to Texas for the state fair , where 75 @,@ 000 people gathered for a " Klan day " celebration . He devoted funds to fighting Jack C. Walton , the anti @-@ Klan governor of Oklahoma ; to the group 's joy , Walton was impeached and removed from office in 1923 . However , the Oklahoma legislature soon passed several anti @-@ Klan bills . 
 While still at Truth , Levin was invited to write a column in The Manchester Guardian about ITV , Britain 's first commercial television channel , launched in 1955 . Mooney describes his television reviews as " notably punchy " and The Times wrote , " Levin took out his shotgun and let loose with both barrels " . Levin gave the opening programmes a kindly review , but by the fourth day of commercial television he was beginning to baulk : " There has been nothing to get our teeth into apart from three different brands of cake @-@ mix and a patent doughnut " . Thereafter , he did not spare the network : " cliché succeeded to cliché " ; " a mentally defective aborigine who was deaf in both ears would have little difficulty in leaving ' Double Your Money ' £ 32 richer than when he entered " ; and after the network 's first hundred days he attributed its viewing figures to the " number of people who are sufficiently stupid to derive pleasure from such programmes " . 
 Until Owen published a definitive anatomical study in 1866 , early naturalists were uncertain whether the aye @-@ aye ( genus Daubentonia ) was a primate , rodent , or marsupial . In the late eighteenth century , for example , the aye @-@ aye was classified under the squirrel genus Sciurus . By emphasizing its primate features , such as its postorbital bar , stereoscopic vision , and opposable hallux , over its rodent @-@ like teeth , Owen demonstrated its affinity with other primates . In 1996 , Ankel @-@ Simons demonstrated that the shape and arrangement of the aye @-@ aye 's diminutive deciduous incisors indicate that this genus has a shared ancestry with the toothcombed primates . However , the placement of the aye @-@ aye within the primates remained problematic until very recently . The karyotype of the aye @-@ aye is noticeably different from that of its closest relatives , the lorises and the rest of the lemurs , with a diploid chromosome count of 2n = 30.Template : Harvnp Based on its anatomy , researchers have found support for classifying the genus Daubentonia as a specialized indriid , a sister group to all strepsirrhines , and an indeterminate taxon within the primates . In 1931 , Schwarz labeled the aye @-@ aye as an offshoot of Indriidae , claiming that all lemurs were monophyletic , whereas Reginald Innes Pocock had previously placed the aye @-@ aye outside of the lemurs . In that same year , Anthony and Coupin classified the aye @-@ aye under infraorder Chiromyiformes , a sister group to the other strepsirrhines . Colin Groves upheld this classification in 2005 because he was not entirely convinced the aye @-@ aye formed a clade with the rest of the Malagasy lemurs , despite molecular tests that had shown Daubentoniidae was basal to all Lemuroidea . 
 Track listing and samples compiled from album liner notes . 
 Six teams from North America and six teams representing the rest of the World play a series of games against each other in order to win points . The first side to win a majority of the points available wins the cup . Teams compete in four formats : team games , mixed doubles games , singles competitions , and skins games . Team games are regular curling games , with two teams of four playing against each other . Mixed doubles games involve two teams , each consisting of one male and one female , playing against each other . Mixed doubles teams use only six stones per end , one of which is positioned prior to the start of the end . This is in contrast to the eight stones per end used by teams of four in regular curling games . The singles competition involves two teams playing against each other . There are six types of shots contested in the singles competitions . Each curler from each team is assigned to throw at least one type of shot . Points are given based on how well the shot is made . After all of the shots have been thrown , the team with the most points wins the competition . Skins games involve two teams playing against each other , where the objective is to win skins by scoring two or more points with the hammer or stealing points without the hammer . The points for the skins games , which go toward the total points for the cup , are distributed throughout the game , and the teams earn these points by winning skins . 
 Robert Willis testified at the trial that there was no possibility that Cancellor 's death had been a result of natural causes . He presented a detailed description of the boy 's injuries , suggesting that they had been sustained over several hours . He also revealed that Cancellor 's skull cavity contained six to eight ounces of fluid , attributing to this fluid the boy 's seeming inability to learn as described by Hopley , but rejected any suggestions that it may have contributed to Cancellor 's death . Cancellor 's brother , Fowler , and Locock all testified against Hopley ; Locock 's testimony was particularly hostile , suggesting that Hopley 's incompetent response to interviews was " tantamount to an admission of guilt " . Other witnesses included the Hopleys ' laundress , Roberts , three members of the coastguard who had seen lights on in the house late at night , a local constable , and the town registrar . 
 US $ 525 million was paid by the city of Abu Dhabi for the use of the Louvre brand name , with US $ 195 million payable within a month . In addition to this , US $ 247 million will be paid for the loan of artworks from the Louvre over a ten @-@ year period , with a total of between two hundred and three hundred artworks expected . The Parisian Louvre will also be providing management advice to its Middle Eastern counterpart , at a cost of US $ 214 @.@ 5 million . An additional US $ 253 @.@ 5 million will be paid for various special exhibitions . A total of four exhibitions will be hosted per year over a period of fifteen years . The city of Abu Dhabi will also make a direct donation of US $ 32 @.@ 5 million to the Louvre to refurbish a wing of the Pavillon de Flore for the display of international art . 
 In 1990 Time magazine named him the Man of the Year . In 1991 the U.S. Navy Memorial Foundation awarded Bush its Lone Sailor award for his naval service and his subsequent government service . In 1993 , he was made an Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath by Queen Elizabeth II . 
 Jet Force Gemini is a third @-@ person shooter with elements of platform , action @-@ adventure , and run and gun games . Players control the playable character from a third @-@ person perspective in a free three dimensional environment . The game features extensive levels to explore , items to collect , power @-@ ups that enhance characters health and weaponry , towering bosses to defeat , and devastation on a massive scale . Unlike other Rare shooters such as GoldenEye 007 or Perfect Dark , the weapons in Jet Force Gemini feature no magazines and cannot be reloaded after a certain number of shots . Players fight on foot and have the ability to jump . Much of the game is spent in battle , but some parts feature jump mechanics , as the player can hang from most ledges , swim and fly using jet packs when needed . In combat , the player is free to set on a manual aiming system with the targeting camera fixed behind the character ’ s head . When using this technique , a reticle appears on screen and the playable character becomes translucent so that players can aim and shoot with finesse . By contrast , when walking around , the game plays much like a typical 3D platformer . 
 In 1968 , Martin Luther King , Jr. asked Angelou to organize a march . She agreed , but " postpones again " , and in what Gillespie calls " a macabre twist of fate " , he was assassinated on her 40th birthday ( April 4 ) . Devastated again , she was encouraged out of her depression by her friend James Baldwin . As Gillespie states , " If 1968 was a year of great pain , loss , and sadness , it was also the year when America first witnessed the breadth and depth of Maya Angelou 's spirit and creative genius " . Despite having almost no experience , she wrote , produced , and narrated Blacks , Blues , Black ! , a ten @-@ part series of documentaries about the connection between blues music and black Americans ' African heritage , and what Angelou called the " Africanisms still current in the U.S. " for National Educational Television , the precursor of PBS . Also in 1968 , inspired at a dinner party she attended with Baldwin , cartoonist Jules Feiffer , and his wife Judy , and challenged by Random House editor Robert Loomis , she wrote her first autobiography , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings , published in 1969 , which brought her international recognition and acclaim . 
 After being recalled back to China in April 1952 , Peng succeeded Zhou in managing the day @-@ to @-@ day affairs of the Central Military Commission in July 1952 ; and , in the spring of 1954 , Peng was confirmed as the vice @-@ chairman of the Commission ( Mao was its chairman ) , becoming effectively the most senior military leader in China . On September 24 , 1954 , the First National People 's Congress confirmed Peng 's position , and appointed him Defense Minister and one of the ten vice @-@ ministers of the State Council . Lin Biao was senior to Peng on the State Council . Soon after accepting these appointments , on October 1 , 1954 , Peng produced an ambitious plan for the modernization of the PLA on the model of the Soviet military . 
 Winehouse and her family are the subject of a 2009 documentary shot by Daphne Barak titled Saving Amy . Winehouse entered into a joint venture in 2009 with EMI to launch a range of wrapping paper and gift cards containing song lyrics from her album Back to Black . On 8 January 2010 , a television documentary , My Daughter Amy , aired on Channel 4 . Saving Amy was released as a paperback book in January 2010 . 
 = = = 2013 = = = 
 The surface heat flow anomaly around the Hawaiian Swell is only of the order of 10 mW / m2 , far less than the continental United States range of 25 to 150 mW / m2 . This is unexpected for the classic model of a hot , buoyant plume in the mantle . However , it has been shown that other plumes display highly variable surface heat fluxes and that this variability may be due to variable hydrothermal fluid flow in the Earth 's crust above the hotspots . This fluid flow advectively removes heat from the crust , and the measured conductive heat flow is therefore lower than the true total surface heat flux . The low heat across the Hawaiian Swell indicates that it is not supported by a buoyant crust or upper lithosphere , but is rather propped up by the upwelling hot ( and therefore less @-@ dense ) mantle plume that causes the surface to rise through a mechanism known as " dynamic topography " . 
 Mars Attacks ! drew mixed responses from critics . Based on 63 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes , 52 % of the reviewers enjoyed the film , with an average score of 5 @.@ 9 / 10 . By comparison , Metacritic calculated an average score of 52 / 100 from 19 reviews . Roger Ebert observed the homages to the 1950s science fiction B movies . " Ed Wood himself could have told us what 's wrong with this movie : the makers felt superior to the material . To be funny , even schlock has to believe in itself . Look for Infra @-@ Man ( 1975 ) or Invasion of the Bee Girls ( 1973 ) and you will find movies that lack stars and big budgets and fancy special effects but are funny and fun in a way that Burton 's megaproduction never really understands . " 
 <formula> 
 Service ceiling : 13 @,@ 500 m ( 44 @,@ 291 ft ) 
 = = = Articles = = = 
 Charles was named in the England C team , who represent England at non @-@ League level , in May 2009 , for the final of the 2007 – 09 International Challenge Trophy against Belgium . He started the match to make his debut for England and they were defeated 1 – 0 . He was called up to the team for a friendly against the Poland Olympic team in November , and he started the game as England won 2 – 1 . 
 Because of a misreading of Labino 's formula , the first batch of glass was ruined . Labino himself oversaw the conversion of the pot furnace into a day tank , supplying it with low @-@ melting @-@ point glass marbles he had developed for use in the production of fiberglass . This glass proved easy to work for glass blowing , and the workshop participants experimented with it in shifts for the remainder of the week . On the final day of the workshop , Harvey Leafgreen , a retired glassblower from the Libbey glass plant in Toledo , presented an unexpected two @-@ hour demonstration of the craft . 
 = Silent Hill : Homecoming = 
 The game 's plot received a largely mixed reception . While some reviewers graded it positively , describing it as " intriguing and disturbing " , it was also noted that it " isn 't particularly original , and there are no great surprises " , even though it " still makes for a very involving journey into the macabre . " Several reviewers likened the story to a subplot of the main Silent Hill mythos which , while able to " stand on its own " , " barely mentions certain characters which fairly dominate the backstory of previous SH games . " Some critics expressed disappointment at the predictability of the main twist in the story regarding Alex 's predicament , while others found it " genuinely shocking " . Croshaw 's Zero Punctuation review was generally negative , stating that while the level design , story and combat were all competent , the game had little to do with what he liked about the Silent Hill series and would have been better served as a completely different franchise . 
 The main sites of copper accumulation are the liver and the brain , and consequently liver disease and neuropsychiatric symptoms are the main features that lead to diagnosis . People with liver problems tend to come to medical attention earlier , generally as children or teenagers , than those with neurological and psychiatric symptoms , who tend to be in their twenties or older . Some are identified only because relatives have been diagnosed with Wilson 's disease ; many of these , when tested , turn out to have been experiencing symptoms of the condition but have not received a diagnosis . 
 = = = Style points = = = 
 Retired athletes who excelled at ski flying : 
 In June 2016 , Selig announced that he would scale back plans after facing opposition from historic preservation groups over the alterations to the historic structure . The new proposed 8 @-@ story addition would have 125 @,@ 000 square feet ( 11 @,@ 600 m2 ) of office space and include a 2 @-@ story penthouse ; parts of the new structure would be illuminated at night . The addition is being designed by a team with William Bain Jr. and John Bain , the son and grandson , respectively , of original architect William Bain . 
 The LGV Est européenne ( often shortened to LGV Est ) is a high @-@ speed rail line connecting Paris and Strasbourg . Development has been divided into two phases . The first phase , from Vaires @-@ sur @-@ Marne near Paris , to Baudrecourt opened on 10 June 2007 . Construction on the 106 km ( 66 mi ) second phase , from Baudrecourt to Vendenheim , near Strasbourg , began in 2010 . The final weld of rails on the second phase occurred in March 2015 , marking the completion of the line , although some work remained . At the time of the derailment , the line was scheduled to open for commercial service on 3 April 2016 , following commissioning trials and training for operators . 
 Shane Ryan Morris ( born August 4 , 1994 ) is an American football quarterback for the Michigan Wolverines team where he is a redshirt junior for the 2016 team . He is a left @-@ handed quarterback known for his strong arm . He was a highly touted 5 @-@ star high school prospect from De La Salle Collegiate . Until he endured mononucleosis midway through his senior season . He played in the 2013 Under Armour All @-@ America Game . He serves as the backup quarterback for Michigan . He saw limited action as a freshman until starting in the 2013 Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl in place of starter Devin Gardner . At the beginning of the 2015 season after the graduation of Gardner , he lost a quarterback battle against Jake Rudock . He will again battle for the starting position for 2016 . 
 Alabama 's recruiting class was highlighted by thirteen players from the " ESPN 150 " : No. 6 Landon Collins ( safety ) ; No. 11 Eddie Williams ( athlete ) ; No. 20 Cyrus Jones ( athlete ) ; No. 22 Chris Black ( wide receiver ) ; No. 30 Brandon Greene ( offensive tackle ) ; No. 31 Geno Smith ( cornerback ) ; No. 49 Amari Cooper ( wide receiver ) ; No. 55 T. J. Yeldon ( running back ) ; No. 59 Dillon Lee ( outside linebacker ) ; No. 93 Ryan Anderson ( outside linebacker ) ; No. 100 Korren Kirven ( defensive tackle ) ; No. 109 Reggie Ragland ( inside linebacker ) ; and No. 121 Tyler Hayes ( outside linebacker ) . The Crimson Tide signed the No. 1 recruiting class according to Rivals.com and the No. 2 recruiting class according to Scout.com. In recognition for his accomplishments in helping Alabama land its highly rated 2012 class , Jeremy Pruitt was named Recruiter of the Year by 247Sports.com. 
 2012 USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year 
 This section , often omitted from later editions , consists like the Natural History of 26 " Letters " , none of them posted , and without even the fiction of being addressed to Pennant or Barrington . Letter 1 begins " It is reasonable to suppose that in remote ages this woody and mountainous district was inhabited only by bears and wolves . " Letter 2 discusses Selborne in Saxon times ; Selborne was according to White a royal manor , belonging to Editha , queen to Edward the Confessor . Letter 3 describes the village 's church , which " has no pretensions to antiquity , and is , as I suppose , of no earlier date than the beginning of the reign of Henry VII . " Letter 5 describes the ancient Yew tree in the churchyard . Letter 7 describes the ( ruined ) priory . Letter 11 discusses the properties of the Knights Templar in and near the village . 
 " So Excited " debuted at its peak of number 90 on the Billboard Hot 100 , on the issue dated October 5 , 2006 . It debuted on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs at number 75 , eventually peaking at number 34 , becoming her 39th top forty single on the chart . Nevertheless , on the Hot Dance Club Play chart , " So Excited " became Jackson 's 22nd consecutive top ten single and her 17th number @-@ one hit on the chart . It was well received in Europe . The song debuted at its peak of number 14 in Belgium 's Flanders region . In Wallonia , it reached number five . In Finland , " So Excited " debuted at its peak of number nine , remaining in the chart for two issues . In Italy , it reached number 28 , while peaking at number 13 in Spain . 
 This argument is based in part on the U.S. Supreme Court decision in the case of United States v. Bevans . In Bevans , the parties argued over whether a federal court in Massachusetts had jurisdiction over the case of a U.S. Marine charged with a murder that occurred on a ship in Boston Harbor . No issues regarding federal income taxation or the Internal Revenue Code were presented to or decided by the Court in the Bevans case . The Internal Revenue Code and the Internal Revenue Service did not yet exist in 1818 , when the Bevans murder case was decided . 
 A tropical arid and semi @-@ arid climate dominates regions where the rate of moisture loss through evapotranspiration exceeds that from precipitation ; it is subdivided into three climatic subtypes- tropical semi @-@ arid steppe , arid climate , tropical and sub @-@ tropical steppe climate . 
 The Himalayan states , being more temperate , experience an additional season , spring , which coincides with the first weeks of summer in southern India . Traditionally , Indians note six seasons or Ritu , each about two months long . These are the spring season ( Sanskrit : vasanta ) , summer ( grīṣma ) , monsoon season ( varṣā ) , autumn ( śarada ) , winter ( hemanta ) , and prevernal season ( śiśira ) . These are based on the astronomical division of the twelve months into six parts . The ancient Hindu calendar also reflects these seasons in its arrangement of months . 
 Remote regions of Jammu and Kashmir such as Baramulla district in the east and the Pir Panjal Range in the southeast experience exceptionally heavy snowfall . In southern areas around Jammu the climate is typically monsoonal , though the region is sufficiently far west to average 40 – 100 mm ( 2 – 4 in ) of rain monthly from January and March . In the hot season , Jammu city is very hot and can reach up to 40 ° C ( 104 ° F ) while in July and August , very heavy — though erratic — rainfall occurs with monthly extremes of up to 650 millimetres ( 26 in ) . Rainfall declines in September ; by October conditions are extremely dry , with temperatures of around 29 ° C ( 84 ° F ) . Across from the Pir Panjal range , the South Asian monsoon is no longer a factor and most precipitation falls in the spring from southwestern cloudbands . Because of its closeness to the Arabian Sea , Srinagar receives as much as 25 inches ( 635 mm ) of rain from this source , with the wettest months being March to May with around 85 mm ( 3 @.@ 3 inches ) per month . 
 If a diphthong contains 〈 i 〉 or 〈 u 〉 , the tone mark goes above the other vowel ; viz . 〈 ia ̍ h 〉 , 〈 kiò 〉 , 〈 táu 〉 
 Homs was one of the largest cities in Syria in the 12th @-@ century with a population of 7 @,@ 000 . In 1785 , the inhabitants of Homs numbered more than 2 @,@ 000 and the population was divided almost evenly between Eastern Orthodox Christians and Muslims . The 1860s saw a rise in the population to 15 @,@ 000 – 20 @,@ 000 . By 1907 , Homs had roughly 65 @,@ 000 inhabitants , of which two thirds were Muslims and the remainder Christians . In the 1981 census , the population stood at 346 @,@ 871 , rising to 540 @,@ 133 in 1994 . According to the 2004 census by Syria 's Central Bureau of Statistics , Homs had a population of 652 @,@ 609 of which 51 @.@ 5 % were male and 48 @.@ 5 % female . In an independent 2005 estimate the city had 750 @,@ 000 residents , and as of 2008 the population was estimated at about 823 @,@ 000 . 
 When the European leg of the Cry of Love tour began , Hendrix was longing for his new studio and creative outlet , and was not eager to fulfill the commitment . On September 2 , 1970 , he abandoned a performance in Aarhus after three songs , stating : " I 've been dead a long time " . Four days later , he gave his final concert appearance , at the Isle of Fehmarn Festival in Germany . He was met with booing and jeering from fans in response to his cancellation of a show slated for the end of the previous night 's bill due to torrential rain and risk of electrocution . Immediately following the festival , Hendrix , Mitchell , and Cox travelled to London . 
 Yucatan spider monkey , A. g. yucatanensis 
 When not moving , Geoffroy 's spider monkey uses not only supported postures , such as sitting or standing , but also suspended postures in which it hangs from a branch . Suspended postures always include support from the tail , and sometimes the monkey hangs by its tail alone . Other times it hangs by the tail and by one or more limbs simultaneously . Studies have indicated at least some Geoffroy 's spider monkey populations use suspended postures less frequently when feeding than other spider monkey species . 
 Librarian Nancy Knapp pointed out the books ' potential to improve literacy by motivating children to read much more than they otherwise would . The seven @-@ book series has a word count of 1 @,@ 083 @,@ 594 ( US edition ) . Agreeing about the motivating effects , Diane Penrod also praised the books ' blending of simple entertainment with " the qualities of highbrow literary fiction " , but expressed concern about the distracting effect of the prolific merchandising that accompanies the book launches . However , the assumption that Harry Potter books have increased literacy among young people is " largely a folk legend . " Research by the National Endowment for the Arts ( NEA ) has found no increase in reading among children coinciding with the Harry Potter publishing phenomenon , nor has the broader downward trend in reading among Americans been arrested during the rise in the popularity of the Harry Potter books . The research also found that children who read Harry Potter books were not more likely to go on to read outside the fantasy and mystery genres . NEA chairman Dana Gioia said the series , " got millions of kids to read a long and reasonably complex series of books . The trouble is that one Harry Potter novel every few years is not enough to reverse the decline in reading . " 
 The crossback stingaree can inflict an excruciating injury on an unwary human with its venomous sting , that may require surgical intervention if the serrated tip of the sting breaks off inside the wound . The base of its tail is highly flexible , allowing it to strike a person touching any part of its body . In the 19th century , the hazard posed by this species led to persecution by fishery workers in the form of " spiking " , in which a metal spike is used to pierce the ray 's cranium and remove it from the net . The IUCN has listed the crossback stingaree under Least Concern , as it is exposed to minimal fishing activity in the Bass Strait and off western Tasmania , which constitute most of its distribution . The impact of Tasmanian inshore fisheries is unquantified but unlikely to be severe . Off New South Wales , it is caught incidentally in otter trawls and gillnets used by the Southern and Eastern Scalefish and Shark Fishery ( SESSF ) . Captured rays likely experience high mortality , and also tend to abort any unborn young . While the SESSF has caused an overall decline in deepwater stingarees within its area of operations , it only affects a small portion of this species ' range . 
 = = = Roman Britain = = = 
 The latter part of the 9th century saw a wave of Norse ( Viking ) settlers and the subsequent establishment of the Danelaw . The names of hamlets established by these settlers often end in thorpe , which means a farmstead . Examples of such settlements in the Sheffield area are Grimesthorpe , Hackenthorpe , Jordanthorpe , Netherthorpe , Upperthorpe , Waterthorpe , and Woodthorpe . By 918 the Danes south of the Humber had submitted to Edward the Elder , and by 926 Northumbria was under the control of King Æthelstan . 
 Selenium , especially in the II oxidation state , forms stable bonds to carbon , which are structurally analogous to the corresponding organosulfur compounds . Especially common are selenides ( R2Se , analogues of thioethers ) , diselenides ( R2Se2 , analogues of disulfides ) , and selenols ( RSeH , analogues of thiols ) . Representatives of selenides , diselenides , and selenols include respectively selenomethionine , diphenyldiselenide , and benzeneselenol . The sulfoxide in sulfur chemistry is represented in selenium chemistry by the selenoxides ( formula RSe ( O ) R ) , which are intermediates in organic synthesis , as illustrated by the selenoxide elimination reaction . Consistent with trends indicated by the double bond rule , selenoketones , R ( C = Se ) R , and selenaldehydes , R ( C = Se ) H , are rarely observed . 
 The university owns a research facility in Rideau Lakes , Ontario , known as the Queen 's University Biological Station . Opened during the 1950s , the field station encompasses approximately 3 @,@ 000 ha ( 7 @,@ 400 acres ) of property , a range of habitat types typical of Eastern Ontario , and many species of conservation concern in Canada . 
 Woods decided the jury for the Broadway run would employ some jury service rules of the New York courts . One such rule was the payment of jurors three dollars per day for their participation , which meant the selected audience members profited by at least 25 cents after subtracting the ticket price . Another was that only men could serve on a jury , although Woods made exceptions , for example at the performance Keller attended . He later loosened the rule to allow women jurors at matinee performances twice a week . Unlike a normal criminal trial , verdicts required only a majority vote rather than unanimity . 
 After the 16th century , it became common for armigers to detach the crest and wreath from the helm , and use them in the manner of a badge , displayed on crockery , carriage doors , stationery , etc . This led to the erroneous use of the term ' crest ' to mean ' arms ' , which has regrettably become widespread in recent years . Unlike a badge , which can be used by any amount of relatives and retainers , a crest is personal to the armiger , and its use by others is considered usurpation . In Scotland , however , a member of a clan or house is entitled to use a ' crest @-@ badge ' , which consists of the chief 's crest encircled by a strap and buckle inscribed with the chiefly motto . 
 = = Release history = = 
 Anxious to avoid war , Tsar Peter sent his two sons , Boris and Roman , as hostages to Constantinople . This move failed to appease Nikephoros , but he was not able or willing to campaign against Bulgaria ; his forces were engaged in the East , and furthermore , drawing on the Byzantines ' past experience , Nikephoros was reluctant to mount an expedition into the mountainous and heavily forested terrain of Bulgaria . Consequently , he resorted to the old Byzantine expedient of calling in a tribe from eastern Europe to attack Bulgaria . In late 966 or early 967 , he dispatched the patrikios Kalokyros , a citizen of Cherson , as his ambassador to Sviatoslav , ruler of the Rus ' . The Byzantines had long maintained close relations with the Rus ' , with whom they were bound by treaty . With promises of rich rewards and , according to Leo the Deacon , a payment of 1 @,@ 500 pounds of gold , the Rus ' ruler was induced to attack Bulgaria from the north . That Nikephoros should call upon Sviatoslav for aid was unusual , since the Pechenegs were traditionally used for such tasks . The historian A.D. Stokes , who examined the questions surrounding the background and chronology of Sviatoslav 's Bulgarian campaign , suggested that this move had a second motive of turning the attention of Sviatoslav , who had recently destroyed the Khazar khanate , away from the Byzantine outpost of Cherson . 
 At the beginning of 1991 , Croatia had no regular army . To bolster its defence , Croatia doubled its police numbers to about 20 @,@ 000 . The most effective part of the Croatian police force was 3 @,@ 000 @-@ strong special police comprising twelve battalions organised along military lines . There were also 9 @,@ 000 – 10 @,@ 000 regionally organised reserve police in 16 battalions and 10 companies , but they lacked weapons . In response to the deteriorating situation , the Croatian government established the Croatian National Guard ( Croatian : Zbor narodne garde – ZNG ) in May by expanding the special police battalions into four all @-@ professional guards brigades . Under Ministry of Defence control and commanded by retired JNA General Martin Špegelj , the four guards brigades comprised approximately 8 @,@ 000 troops . The reserve police , also expanded to 40 @,@ 000 , was attached to the ZNG and reorganised into 19 brigades and 14 independent battalions . The guards brigades were the only units of the ZNG that were fully equipped with small arms ; throughout the ZNG there was a lack of heavier weapons and there was poor command and control structure above the brigade level . The shortage of heavy weapons was so severe that the ZNG resorted to using World War II weapons taken from museums and film studios . At the time , the Croatian weapon stockpile consisted of 30 @,@ 000 small arms purchased abroad and 15 @,@ 000 previously owned by the police . To replace the personnel lost to the guards brigades , a new 10 @,@ 000 @-@ strong special police was established . 
 = = = 1880s : International figure = = = 
 A DVD titled Jeopardy ! : An Inside Look at America 's Favorite Quiz Show , released by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on November 8 , 2005 , features five memorable episodes of the Trebek version ( the 1984 premiere , Jennings ' final game , and the three finals matches of the Ultimate Tournament of Champions ) and three featurettes discussing the show 's history and question selection process . Other products featuring the Jeopardy ! brand include a collectible watch , a series of daily desktop calendars , and various slot machine games for casinos and the Internet . 
 = = = Sales = = = 
 On November 4 , 2010 , Sony announced the first postumous album , Michael , released on December 14 , with the promotional single , " Breaking News " , released to radio on November 8 . Sony Music reportedly paid the Jackson estate $ 250 million for the deal , plus royalties , making it the most expensive music contract pertaining to a single artist in history . Video game developer Ubisoft announced a dancing @-@ and @-@ singing game featuring Michael Jackson for the 2010 holiday season , Michael Jackson : The Experience ; it is among the first games to use Kinect and PlayStation Move , the motion @-@ detecting camera systems for Microsoft 's Xbox 360 and Sony 's PlayStation 3 respectively . 
 F. Nelson Blount was killed when his private airplane hit a tree during an emergency landing , in Marlboro , New Hampshire , on August 31 , 1967 . By that time a good deal of Blount 's collection was controlled by the Steamtown Foundation and had been relocated to Bellows Falls . Blount owned several corporations and one , the Green Mountain Railroad ( GMRC ) , controlled the tracks that lay between Walpole , Bellows Falls and Chester , Vermont , which Steamtown was to use for its excursions . When Blount died most of the controlling stock of the GMRC was transferred to the president of the railroad , Robert Adams . 
 With a more experienced crew and less disruption in the preparation for the race , Cambridge were considered favourites . Oxford won the toss and elected to start from the Middlesex station . A malfunction to umpire Colin Moynihan 's barge caused a delay to the start ; as a consequence the crews avoided racing in a lightning storm . Straight from the start , Oxford steered towards Middlesex to seek shelter from the inclement weather . Cambridge eventually followed , taking on water , and receiving warnings for encroaching into Oxford 's water . Almost a length ahead by Craven Cottage , Oxford steered across and in front of Cambridge to control the race before the Mile Post . A seven @-@ second advantage at Hammersmith Bridge became twelve seconds by Barnes Bridge and remained so by the finishing post , with Oxford winning by four lengths in a time of 19 minutes 59 seconds . 
 = Pokémon , I Choose You ! = 
 = = Background = = 
 = = Later years in Australia = = 
 = = Production = = 
 Led AL in wins ( 1955 ) 
 To help decide treatment , the tumors are also divided into three broader categories based on whether surgical removal seems possible : in this way , tumors are judged to be " resectable " , " borderline resectable " , or " unresectable " . When the disease is still in an early stage ( AJCC @-@ UICC stages I and II ) , without spread to large blood vessels or distant organs such as the liver or lungs , surgical resection of the tumor can normally be performed , if the patient is willing to undergo this major operation and is thought to be sufficiently fit . The AJCC @-@ UICC staging system allows distinction between stage III tumors that are judged to be " borderline resectable " ( where surgery is technically feasible because the celiac axis and superior mesenteric artery are still free ) and those that are " unresectable " ( due to more locally advanced disease ) ; in terms of the more detailed TNM classification , these two groups correspond to T3 and T4 respectively . 
 The next bombardment of Japan took place on the night of 30 / 31 July . On that night Destroyer Squadron 25 ( DesRon 25 ) , which was commanded by Captain J.W. Ludewig aboard USS John Rodgers , searched the Suruga Gulf for Japanese shipping to attack . No ships were located , and in the early hours of 31 July the squadron sailed deep into the gulf and fired 1 @,@ 100 rounds of 5 @-@ inch ( 130 mm ) shells during seven minutes at a railway yard and aluminum plant in the town of Shimizu . While the aluminum plant was hit , this was of little importance as it had almost ceased production due to a shortage of raw materials . No damage was caused to the rail yard . 
 Parag Khanna stated in 2008 that by making massive trade and investment deals with Latin America and Africa , China had established its presence as a superpower along with the European Union and the United States . China 's rise is demonstrated by its ballooning share of trade in its gross domestic product . He believed that China 's " consultative style " had allowed it to develop political and economic ties with many countries including those viewed as rogue states by the United States . He stated that the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation founded with Russia and the Central Asian countries may eventually be the " NATO of the East " . 
 In June 2012 , Levine was cast in the musical romance @-@ drama film Begin Again . The film was directed by John Carney and had Keira Knightley and Mark Ruffalo play the lead roles . In it , he plays Dave Kohl , Knightley 's songwriting partner and former boyfriend of five years , who leaves her behind on finding success in the music industry . The film premiered at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival to generally favorable reviews from critics . 
 = = = US chart feat = = = 
 In March 1919 , Iron Duke was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet , where she again served as flagship . The ship went into the Black Sea in April to participate in the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War . While en route , the ship stopped in Constantinople on 7 April . There , Iron Duke was involved in the destruction of warships and other materiel that might be used by the Bolsheviks . On 12 May , Iron Duke travelled from Constantinople to Smyrna , where she provided a landing party to occupy some of the city 's outer forts . She returned to the Black Sea , where she remained until June , when she returned to the Mediterranean . 
 = = Monetary system and urbanization = = 
 The fourth side of the ground was redeveloped in 2003 when the Town End terracing was removed and a temporary stand put in its place , named after the late football commentator and Gillingham supporter Brian Moore . It was hoped that work would begin on a permanent Brian Moore Stand in 2004 , but due to talk of relocating the club to a new ground and the club 's current financial problems , this has been put on hold . 
 5 February 1691 – 31 October 1713 : Her Royal Highness The Grand Princess of Tuscany 
 = = = Tropical Storm Elsie = = = 
 For Make magazine , Cory Doctorow wrote in a 2011 article that " Won 't someone think of the children ? ! " was used by irrational individuals to support arguments about the dangers to youth of the " Four Horsemen of the Infocalypse " : " pirates " , terrorists , organized crime , and child pornographers . According to Doctorow , the phrase was used to stifle discussion of underlying issues and halt rational analysis . He observed its frequent use when society was determining an appropriate approach to the legal aspects of computing . 
 Since the birth of Scouting , Scouts worldwide have taken a Scout Promise to live up to ideals of the movement , and subscribe to the Scout Law . The form of the promise and laws have varied slightly by country and over time , but must fulfil the requirements of the WOSM to qualify a National Scout Association for membership . 
 Whithouse originally developed the concept of " The God Complex " for the previous series , but due to it being similar to episodes in that series , it was pushed back , with Whithouse contributing " The Vampires of Venice " instead . The episode ends with the departure of Amy and Rory , though this was not a permanent exit . " The God Complex " was filmed during the early months of 2011 , mainly on sets constructed for the hotel . The episode was seen by 6 @.@ 77 million viewers in the United Kingdom and received positive to mixed reviews from critics . While the performances in the episode , especially Smith 's , were praised , not all critics were impressed with the plot . 
 The TARDIS , while travelling to a new planet , arrives in what appears to be a 1980s Earth hotel , but the Doctor recognises it as an alien structure specifically designed to take that appearance . They soon meet a group of three individuals — humans Rita , Howie and the alien Gibbis — each of whom had previously been taken from their routine lives to find themselves in the hotel . They are also introduced to Joe , a human who has already succumbed to a madness that infects everyone who sets foot in the hotel , and so has been tied up for his own protection . The four explain that there is a beast in the hotel that consumes everyone who has been trapped here . It does this by enticing them to enter one of the many rooms in the hotel which contains their greatest fears , upon which they become brainwashed to " praise him " and allow themselves to be taken , their bodies left without any signs of life ; many others have experienced this , and photos of them and their fears cover many of the hotel 's walls . The hotel would seem inescapable — its doors and windows walled up — and its halls and rooms can change on a whim . The Doctor , Amy , and Rory soon find the TARDIS has also disappeared , and the Doctor warns them from opening any door they are drawn to , for fear of being possessed . 
 In the summer of 1899 , San Diego Normal School became the first California normal school to offer summer courses , and maintained this position until 1913 . On June 21 , 1900 , the first class was graduated : 23 women and three men . Later that year , the east wing of the initial building was finished , adding 18 rooms . In 1903 , $ 61 @,@ 000 was appropriated by the state for a west wing ; it included a gym , library , laboratories , lecture rooms , and a museum . The west wing was completed in September 1904 . In 1906 , the California legislature required that students have a high school diploma in order to be admitted to a normal school . This was the same requirement as for entry into the University of California . 
 During the Second World War Uxbridge adopted the Royal Navy destroyer HMS Intrepid in 1942 , to help towards the ship 's costs ; Intrepid was lost to enemy action the following year . The town and surrounding areas suffered bombing by the Luftwaffe . V1 flying bombs fell on the town between June 1944 and March 1945 . The first recorded bombing using a V1 was on 22 June 1944 at 07 : 00 , when the bomb passed over the top of a bus and hit four houses nearby . Seven people were killed and 25 injured , leaving 46 houses in the area uninhabitable . 
 = = = Cuisine = = = 
 When 74 T 's turbines were initially installed , the problems with them were so significant that all her power and propulsion machinery had to be rebuilt . She was launched for a second time on 26 June 1914 . 
 Defense against torpedo boats was provided by a variety of light @-@ caliber weapons . Twelve 75 @-@ millimeter ( 3 @.@ 0 in ) Canet Pattern 1892 50 @-@ caliber guns were mounted in sponsons on the upper deck , protected by gun shields . The gun fired 10 @.@ 8 @-@ pound ( 4 @.@ 9 kg ) shells to a range of about 8 @,@ 600 yards ( 7 @,@ 864 m ) at its maximum elevation of 21 ° with a muzzle velocity of 2 @,@ 700 ft / s ( 820 m / s ) . The rate of fire was between twelve and fifteen rounds per minute . 
 In an effort to head off unauthorised American productions of their next opera , The Pirates of Penzance , Carte and his partners opened it in New York on 31 December 1879 , prior to its 1880 London premiere . They hoped to forestall further " piracy " by establishing the authorised production and tours in America before others could copy it and by delaying publication of the score and libretto . They did succeed in keeping for themselves the direct profits of the venture , but they tried without success for many years to control the American performance copyrights over their operas . Pirates was an immediate hit in New York , and later London , becoming one of the most popular Gilbert and Sullivan operas . To secure the British copyright , there was a perfunctory performance the afternoon before the New York premiere , at the Royal Bijou Theatre , Paignton , Devon , organised by Helen Lenoir . 
 = = = Notable applications = = = 
 There is broad agreement among most commentators that Smetana created a canon of Czech opera where none had previously existed , and that he developed a style of music in all his compositions that equated with the emergent Czech national spirit . A modified view is presented by the music writer Michael Steen , who questions whether " nationalistic music " can in fact exist : " We should recognise that , whereas music is infinitely expressive , on its own it is not good at describing concrete , earthly objects or concepts . " He concludes that much is dependent upon what listeners are conditioned to hear . 
 In 2007 Aldermaston won the Business Category Award in the regional final of the Calor Village of the Year competition . The judges stated that the village " has a very successful business community " and that " local businesses are well @-@ supported by villagers and in return these businesses support village activities " . In addition to the business award , the village was announced as the Overall Winner of the Calor " Berkshire Village of the Year " competition in 2006 , as well as category winners in the " Building Community Life " , " Business " , " Young People " and " ICT " categories . 
 = = = World War II era = = = 
 Between Ruthwaite and Nethermost Coves , Nethermost Pike sends out a fine rocky ridge . This arête , although not as imposing as Striding Edge across Nethermost Cove , ascends by a series of rocky steps for three quarters of a mile , making straight for the summit . It is from this angle , rather than from the west , that the fell earns the sobriquet of " Pike " , meaning peaked mountain . At the bottom of the ridge is Eagle Crag , standing above Grisedale Beck and forcing walkers to take a detour from the ridgeline . 
 Karnan , which was officially launched in 1963 , was the first Tamil film to be shot in the palaces of Jaipur and the war sequences were filmed in Kurukshetra , which featured several soldiers from the Indian Army . The film 's original soundtrack was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and T. K. Ramamoorthy , while the lyrics were written by Kannadasan . The dialogues were written by Sakthi T. K. Krishnasamy , and the screenplay by A. S. Nagarajan . Karnan was considered a milestone in Tamil cinema as it brought together the then leading actors of South Indian cinema , Ganesan and Rama Rao . 
 I ‑ 79 in Clarksburg 
 Eighteen competition venues were used at the Games . Events took place at 11 pre @-@ existing venues , one new venue ( the Singapore Turf Club Riding Centre ) , and six temporary venues that will be removed following the Games . Twelve venues were also set aside for training purposes . Certain venues such as the Singapore Indoor Stadium and The Float @ Marina Bay were temporarily converted to host sports events , while Kallang Field was upgraded to be able to host the archery competition . The Float @ Marina Bay , a floating stage , was the main stadium for the Games . Capable of seating 25 @,@ 000 spectators , it hosted the opening ceremony on 14 August , was a venue for the cycling event , and also hosted the closing ceremony held on 26 August 2010 . 
 Singapore 's Youth Olympic Games Learning Centre is located at the SYOGOC headquarters along Kay Siang Road . It was officially opened by the SNOC President Teo Chee Hean and former pole vaulting champion Sergei Bubka on 30 October 2008 . The two @-@ storey , 600 @-@ square @-@ metre ( 6 @,@ 500 sq ft ) facility was open to the public for free allow visitors to discover and experience the spirit of the Olympics and trace Singapore 's Games journey from winning the bid to host the first YOG in 2010 . It featured several sections aimed at educating the public about different sports , as well as the history of Olympic records and the events lined up for the YOG . The public could also try their hand at table tennis , fencing and basketball at interactive sections . It subsequently closed for renovations from 18 August till the end of 2010 . 
 As a student at State Junior High School 1 in Surabaya , Estianty took up modelling ; in 1990 she won the Yess Modelling Competition for Teenagers , which provoked a number of modelling offers . She also began working part @-@ time at a radio station and learned how to be a disc jockey . At a birthday party while in junior high school , a friend introduced her to Ahmad Dhani ; Estianty and Dhani began writing songs for the piano together . Having received good marks in elementary school and junior high school , while in senior high school she began dating , first with a classmate then with Dhani , and her scores dropped drastically . 
 On January 28 , 2001 , Spears performed at Super Bowl XXXV . Shortly after , she appeared on Total Request Live to premiere new material from Britney . On September 6 , Spears premiered " I 'm a Slave 4 U " at the MTV Video Music Awards ; the performance was criticized for her use of a yellow python as a stage prop . Four days later , she performed " I 'm a Slave 4 U " on The Rosie O 'Donnell Show . Spears was scheduled to perform and hold a press conference in Australia on September 13 ; however , she cancelled the event in light of the September 11 attacks two days prior , saying that holding the conference would have been inappropriate . The following month , Spears performed at The Tonight Show with Jay Leno . In November , she performed in her first HBO concert special from the MGM Grand Garden Arena ; Cher was supposed to join Spears onstage for the song " The Beat Goes On " , which Spears covered on ... Baby One More Time , though Cher was unable to do so due to scheduling conflicts . 
 The episode was filmed only two weeks after filming wrapped on the pilot episode , which Schur said he regretted because , " Normally , you 'd like to have the usual three months or so to sit back , look at what you made , draw conclusions , tinker , and rewrite . " During " The Reporter , " Parks and Recreation editor Dean Holland developed an editing technique that would be used throughout the rest of the series . During the scene in which Leslie reacts to quotes read to her by the reporter , Amy Poehler improvised a number of jokes , many of which were not going to be used . Holland thought they were all funny , so he created a brief montage inter @-@ cutting several of the lines into the same scene . 
 Angered by this treatment , Bourtzes joined a conspiracy involving a number of other prominent generals who were discontent at Nikephoros , chief amongst them John Tzimiskes . On the night of 10 / 11 December 969 , a group of these conspirators , including Tzimiskes and Bourtzes , managed to gain access to the imperial Boukoleon Palace by sea , and proceeded to murder the emperor and install Tzimiskes as his successor . Despite his prominent role in the assassination of Nikephoros II , the historical sources barely mention Bourtzes for the duration of Tzimiskes 's reign ( 969 – 976 ) . Only Yahya of Antioch records that in summer 971 , with 12 @,@ 000 men , he oversaw the repairs carried out to the walls of Antioch following an earthquake and executed one of the murderers of Patriarch Christopher , but it is not certain whether he had been placed in command there as governor . Rather , at the time of Tzimiskes 's death in January 976 , he is stated by John Skylitzes to have commanded the elite tagma of the Stratelatai in the army of Bardas Skleros . 
 The hurricane continued to intensify , and attained Category 2 hurricane intensity by 0600 UTC on August 7 . At around the same time , the S.S. Lempira reported a minimum pressure of 971 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 70 inHg ) , while 30 miles ( 50 km ) southeast of Jupiter , Florida . At the time , maximum sustained winds were estimated at 105 mph ( 170 km / h ) ; this would be the hurricane 's peak intensity . The hurricane weakened slightly before making landfall on central Florida , just southeast of Fort Pierce , Florida , at 0700 UTC the following day . Winds at landfall were estimated at 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) , with a minimum central pressure of 977 mbar ( 28 @.@ 85 inHg ) recorded in Fort Pierce within the hurricane 's eye . At the time , the system 's maximum winds extended up to 10 mi ( 15 km ) from the center of circulation . The storm then slowly crossed the Florida peninsula , before entering the Gulf of Mexico the next day near Tampa , Florida , after having weakened down to tropical storm strength . Despite remaining over water , its close proximity to the continent prevented further strengthening . The tropical storm recurved to the north in the gulf , before making a second landfall near Apalachicola , Florida at 0400 UTC on August 10 with winds of 40 mph ( 65 km / h ) . Moving inland , the system rapidly weakened as it continued to recurve to the northeast , further degenerating to tropical depression strength at 0000 UTC on August 11 while situated over Georgia . Based on weather station observations , the storm was analyzed to have transitioned into an extratropical cyclone later that day . The extratropical storm strengthened slightly over the Mid @-@ Atlantic states , before exiting into the Atlantic Ocean near the Virginia Capes . The storm system progressed eastward across the ocean before dissipating at 1800 UTC on August 14 . 
 The Season Four DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from this episode . Notable cut scenes include Michael comparing Toby to the flu , Toby giving his going @-@ away speech and then being interrupted by Michael , Holly asking Pam if Kevin just ate before jumping in the bounce castle , Jim not sure whether Ryan is going to downsize him , Jim and Pam browsing for apartments online , the revelation that Kevin 's band Scrantonicity played 30 full Police songs , all out of tune and off @-@ beat , during Phyllis 's wedding , Kelly watching Ryan 's YouTube arrest video over and over again at Jim 's desk , Jim asking about the website , Troy ( Noel Potek ) — Ryan 's drug dealer — showing up in Scranton . 
 I @-@ 287 begins at an interchange with the New Jersey Turnpike ( I @-@ 95 ) in Edison in Middlesex County , New Jersey , where the freeway continues east as Route 440 towards Perth Amboy and Staten Island . Within Middlesex County , I @-@ 287 is called the Lt. Col. ( Ret ) Richard F. Lauer , US Army Highway . From this point , it heads west as an eight @-@ lane freeway through suburban areas , soon reaching an interchange with US 1 that also has access to County Route 531 ( CR 531 ) in the southbound direction . Past this point , the road turns more to the northwest as it comes to the junction with Route 27 ( Lincoln Highway ) . Following Route 27 , I @-@ 287 narrows to six lanes and passes over Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor as it continues to a southbound exit and northbound entrance with CR 501 . 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 Swisher was born in 1870 near Levels , West Virginia . He became a schoolteacher there at the age of 18 , then graduated from Fairmont State Normal School ( present @-@ day Fairmont State University ) and West Virginia University . He then remained in Morgantown , where he established a bookstore and stationery shop . Following the success of his bookstore , Swisher organized the Main Street Building Company , the Howard L. Swisher Company , and the Morgantown Building Association , each of which constructed a large number of residences in the city . He was also the inaugural secretary @-@ treasurer of the West Virginia Real Estate Dealers ' Association . 
 The 32X was released on November 21 , 1994 in North America , in time for the holiday season that year . As announced , it retailed for $ 159 @.@ 99 , and had a reasonably successful launch in the marketplace . Demand among retailers was high , and Sega could not keep up orders for the system . Over 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 orders had been placed for 32X units , but Sega had only managed to ship 600 @,@ 000 units by January 1995 . Launching at about the same price as a Genesis console , the price of the 32X was less than half of what the Saturn 's price would be at launch . Despite Sega 's initial promises , only four titles were available at its North American launch ; Doom , Star Wars Arcade , Virtua Racing Deluxe , and Cosmic Carnage . Games were available at a retail price of $ 69 @.@ 95 . Advertising for the system included images of the 32X being connected to a Genesis console to create an " arcade system " . Japan received the 32X on December 3 , 1994 , at a cost of JP ¥ 16 @,@ 800 . The system 's PAL release came in January 1995 , at a price of GB £ 169 @.@ 99 , and also experienced initial high demand . 
 Other charting positions include number 47 on the Billboard Hot Digital Songs and the Hot Canadian Digital Singles Chart at number 33 . It also peaked at number 2 on the Dance Club Songs chart . " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' 2008 " also reached number 19 on the year @-@ end chart of Dance Club Play Song . A music video was also shown on some channels to help promote the single and album ; it featured a montage of previous Michael Jackson music videos and concert footage , and also clips of Akon singing his parts . 
 In 1939 , Schindler acquired an enamelware factory in Kraków , Poland , which employed about 1 @,@ 750 workers , of whom 1 @,@ 000 were Jews at the factory 's peak in 1944 . His Abwehr connections helped Schindler to protect his Jewish workers from deportation and death in the Nazi concentration camps . As time went on , Schindler had to give Nazi officials ever larger bribes and gifts of luxury items obtainable only on the black market to keep his workers safe . 
 The collection was assembled for a particular place , and to reflect a particular aesthetic ; other parts of Ferdinand Rothschild 's collection contain objects in very different styles , and the Bequest should not be taken to reflect the totality of his taste . Here what most appealed to Ferdinand Rothschild were intricate , superbly executed , highly decorated and rather ostentatious works of the Late Gothic , Renaissance and Mannerist periods . Few of the objects could be said to rely on either simplicity or Baroque sculptural movement for their effect , though several come from periods and places where much Baroque work was being made . A new display for the collection , which under the terms of the bequest must be kept and displayed together , opened on 11 June 2015 . 
 He died of a stroke in Houston , Texas , where he lived for most of his later life . 
 Beecher enjoyed the company of women , and rumors of extramarital affairs circulated as early as his Indiana days , when he was believed to have had an affair with a young member of his congregation . In 1858 , the Brooklyn Eagle wrote a story accusing him of an affair with another young church member who had later become a prostitute . The wife of Beecher 's patron and editor , Henry Bowen , confessed on her deathbed to her husband of an affair with Beecher ; Bowen concealed the incident during his lifetime . 
 = = Composition = = 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 = Joseph Smith = 
 Smith favored a strong central bank and high tariffs to protect American business and agriculture . He disfavored imprisonment of convicts except for murder , preferring efforts to reform criminals through labor ; he also opposed courts @-@ martial for military deserters . He supported capital punishment but opposed hanging , preferring execution by firing squad or beheading . 
 = = Life after swimming = = 
 Set in an open square , the building sits on massive columns that taper inwards as they rise . The elevation consists of horizontal planks ( some of which are omitted to create windows ) which overlap at the corners in a " log cabin " effect . The entrance is covered with a heavy projecting concrete canopy which leads to a monumental entrance hall . The stair to this hall ascends in cantilevered straight flights to the left and right . The walls to this interior are bare shuttered concrete punctured by windows reminiscent of Le Corbusier 's La Tourette . The Council Chamber is a separate building whose raked roof has seating on top of it to form an external performance space . 
 The final disaster for Villiers occurred in November , when Princess Amelia died . After her death , Villiers and his wife attempted to blackmail the Royal Family by threatening ( in a letter to her doctor , Sir Henry Halford ) to release some of her correspondence , much to the shock of her sister , Princess Mary . The family finally moved out of Cranborne Lodge in 1812 . 
 The advantages in speed offered by the fast inverse square root kludge came from treating the longword containing the floating point number as an integer then subtracting it from a specific constant , 0x5f3759df . The purpose of the constant is not immediately clear to someone viewing the code , so , like other such constants found in code , it is often called a magic number . This integer subtraction and bit shift results in a longword which when treated as a floating point number is a rough approximation for the inverse square root of the input number . One iteration of Newton 's method is performed to gain some accuracy , and the code is finished . The algorithm generates reasonably accurate results using a unique first approximation for Newton 's method ; however , it is much slower and less accurate than using the SSE instruction rsqrtss on x86 processors also released in 1999 . 
 Hemilepistus reaumuri is the only species of Hemilepistus to have developed parental care of its offspring , and it is only because of this development that the species can survive in the desert . It is monogamous , and , unusually , both parents tend the young . 
 and that : 
 On 7 July 1799 , the Sikh army of the Sukerchakia chief , Ranjit Singh , took control of Lahore . After the capture of the city , the Badshahi mosque was desecrated by Ranjit Singh , who used its vast courtyard as a stable for his army horses , and its 80 hujras ( small study rooms surrounding the courtyard ) as quarters for his soldiers and as magazines for military stores . Ranjit Singh used the Hazuri Bagh , the enclosed garden next to it , as his official royal court of audience . In 1818 , he built a marble edifice in the garden facing the mosque . 
 WWE World Heavyweight Championship ( 3 times ) 1 
 = = In popular culture = = 
 Masami Iwasawa ( 岩沢 まさみ , Iwasawa Masami ) 
 = = Merchandise = = 
 The European Union President , José Manuel Barroso , issued a statement that it " supports the Government of Pakistan in the defense of the rule of law and the writ of the State against the threat posed by such armed radical groups in the context of the fight against extremism . " The EU also praised the " restraint and moderation showed by the Pakistani authorities . " 
 However , by then it had become clear that Frogner west of Solli plass would remain dominantly a residential area . The estimates showed that the station would capture few new riders and instead simply give a shorter walk for a small minority of those who used Nationaltheatret Station and Skøyen Station . With the upgraded Nationaltheatret Station , which opened in 1999 , the capacity of the Oslo Tunnel increased from 16 to 24 trains per hour in each direction , because the station from then had four , rather than two , tracks . A similar upgrade would need to be done for Elisenberg Station , should it be taken into use , or the capacity of the tunnel would again be reduced . It is therefore highly unlikely that the station will ever be opened . In 1998 , the readers of the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten proposed making Elisenberg an emergency exit . 
 Forge and the Spartans return to the Spirit of Fire and the crew follows Anders ' signal to an uncharted planet in another star system . The planet 's surface is infested by the parasitic Flood , who attack and assimilate any sentient life they encounter . The Spirit of Fire inadvertently activates a Forerunner docking station and enters the planet 's interior . Flood board the ship , and very soon Forerunner Sentinels appear to cleanse the Flood threat and also to destroy all UNSC forces in the process . The crew discovers the planet is actually hollow , with a habitable interior and a miniature sun . The Covenant 's plan is to activate a dormant fleet of highly advanced Forerunner starships inside the planet , and use them to obliterate humanity . 
 Sánchez won his first major league start on September 6 ( in place of Noah Lowry , who was injured ) , giving up one run in 5 ⅔ innings pitched in a 3 – 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds . After that , Sánchez replaced Brad Hennessey in the rotation . However , Sánchez did not pitch well in his last four appearances of the season ( one came in relief ) , as he had an 11 @.@ 36 ERA in them . 
 Sánchez was again the fifth starter in the Giants ' rotation in 2009 . The season did not start well for him , though , as he had a 2 – 8 record in the first part of the year . On June 28 , Ryan Sadowski replaced him in the rotation . 
 Adult entertainment attorney Robert Apgood stated he agreed with the actions of Acworth and Randazza . Apgood pointed out he had observed a significant increase in applications to the USPTO that were rejected because their potential trademarks were deemed " scandalous " by the government . He stated , " It 's really quite unfortunate that the executive branch is now reaching deep into the machinations of government to further its ' legislation of morality ' agenda . It is truly encouraging to see the likes of Acworth and Randazza take up this sorely needed fight . " The appeal was denied in April 2008 and the case was terminated . The application status was last listed as " abandoned " for failure to respond by the appealing party . 
 Stosch was infuriated that the proceedings had been allowed to become a forum for criticism of his policies , for which he blamed Werner . He appealed to Kaiser Wilhelm I , stating that the inquiry had unfairly blamed Admiral Batsch , and requested a new court martial for the involved officers . Simultaneously , Stosch began a campaign to force Werner out of the navy . This was in part to ensure that Batsch , his protégé , would be next in line after Stosch retired . Despite his popularity , particularly with Kaiser Wilhelm I and his son , Werner was unable to resist Stosch 's efforts to force his ouster . On 15 October 1878 , he requested retirement . 
 The basic word order of ASL is disputed . Most linguists agree that ASL is a subject @-@ verb @-@ object ( SVO ) language with various phenomena affecting this basic word order . Basic SVO sentences are signed without any pauses : 
 Castle Street was used as a location in the 1963 film Tom Jones . Horror writer and film journalist Kim Newman was educated at Dr Morgan 's school in Bridgwater , and set his 1999 experimental novel Life 's Lottery in a fictionalised version of the town ( Sedgwater ) . A sailor who had sailed " from Bridgwater with bricks " and found " There was lice in that bunk in Bridgwater " features in James Joyce 's Ulysses ( Chapter 16 ) . 
 = = Plot = = 
 On January 7 , 2008 , Rise Against announced on their website that they had begun writing and demoing for their next album . When asked in May what the status of the album was , frontman Tim McIlrath told the Los Angeles modern rock radio station , KROQ , that the band was in the middle of the recording process . He also stated that the album would be recorded at the Blasting Room in Fort Collins , Colorado and produced by Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore , who had produced The Sufferer & the Witness . Also in May 2008 , Rise Against posted a blog on their website , stating that they were back in the studio working on the album . It explained that they had " spent many weeks in Chicago throughout the end of winter writing new songs " in their " rehearsal space " . Asked later about the writing and recording process , McIlrath said , " We kind of blocked a month off over the winter and said , ' Let 's all get together , get the rehearsal space , and start putting some ideas together , ' which is what we did . And then , we also blocked off a week or two at the Blasting Room after we arrived in Fort Collins to just kind of jam stuff out , get some new ideas going . " 
 Angelou chose " Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water ' fore I Diiie " as the volume 's title because of her interest in unconscious innocence , which she says is " even lovelier than trying to remain innocent . " The title is a reference to her belief that " we as individuals ... are still so innocent that we think if we asked our murderer just before he puts the final wrench upon the throat , ' Would you please give me a cool drink of water ? ' and he would do so ' " . Angelou has said that if she " didn 't believe that , [ she ] wouldn 't get up in the morning " . 
 After the success of Uyarndha Manithan , AVM Productions was keen to remake it in Hindi and approached Dilip Kumar . After watching the film , Kumar was hesitant to play the lead role as he felt he would not match Ganesan 's performance in the original version . K. Balachander was signed up to be the director of the remake , which led to Kumar being initially convinced that he could be successful . 
 = = Forest fires = = 
 Executive producer Jeff Pinkner and supervising producer Drew Goddard co @-@ wrote " The Glass Ballerina " , while cinematographer Paul Edwards served as the director . It featured recurring stars Byron Chung , Tony Lee , Michael Bowen , and Tomiko Okhee Lee , as well as the first of two appearances by guest actress Paula Malcomson . Though her character Colleen Pickett is shot in the episode , she does not die until the season 's fourth episode , " Every Man for Himself " . 
 In the interwar years suburban London expanded further , with improvement and expansion of public transport , and the setting up of new industries . After the Second World War , the population of the County of London and inner Middlesex was in steady decline , with high population growth continuing in the outer parts . After a Royal Commission on Local Government in Greater London , almost all of the original area was incorporated into an enlarged Greater London in 1965 , with the rest transferred to neighbouring counties . Since 1965 various areas called Middlesex have been used for cricket and other sports . Middlesex was the former postal county of 25 post towns . 
 During the 1960s and 1970s , student activism saw changes in the school 's policies relating to students . Appointed prefects were replaced in 1970 by an elected School Committee to represent the student body , the publication of a student newsletter Demos — containing editorials on aspects of the school — was allowed , religious education classes were made voluntary for senior year levels , the position of school chaplain was abolished , and Caulfield was the only APS school to allow its students to participate in moratorium marches protesting the Vietnam War on 8 May 1970 . 
 = Toy Story 2 = 
 With their backs to the river , Ferino and Moreau had to retreat across the Rhine into France , but retained control of the fortifications at Kehl and Hüningen and , more importantly , the tête @-@ du @-@ ponts of the star @-@ shaped fortresses where the bridges crossed the river . Moreau offered an armistice to Charles , which the archduke was inclined to accept . He wanted to secure the Rhine crossings and send troops to northern Italy to relieve Dagobert Sigmund von Wurmser at besieged Mantua ; an armistice with Moreau would allow him to do that . However , his brother , Francis II , the Holy Roman Emperor , and the civilian military advisers of the Aulic Council categorically refused such an armistice , forcing Charles to order simultaneous sieges at Kehl and Hüningen . These tied his army to the Rhine for most of the winter . He moved north with the bulk of his force to invest Kehl , and instructed Karl Aloys zu Fürstenberg to conduct the siege in the south by Basel . While the Austrians besieged these Rhine crossings , Moreau had sufficient surplus troops to send 14 demi @-@ brigades ( approximately 12 @,@ 000 troops ) into Italy to assist in the siege at Mantua . 
 Myers built his first balloon in the summer of 1878 in Mohawk Valley . It was over 20 feet ( 6 @.@ 1 m ) in diameter and could contain 10 @,@ 000 cubic feet of hydrogen gas . The balloon material with its valve weighed almost one hundred pounds . The envelope material was high quality cotton cloth that was unbleached . It was varnished with linseed oil gum thinned with turpentine . Myers invented machinery that applied the coats of varnish onto fabric of silk or cotton . There were several coats of varnish applied to make a balloon envelope impervious to hydrogen . The first of these patented machines , that took fourteen days to construct , was in operation for seven years . Myers made sixty hydrogen balloons in sixty days in 1891 . He built a set of ten hydrogen gas balloons in five days in 1892 . 
 = = War Airships = = 
 In 2002 , Hamauzu composed the music for Unlimited Saga , a game that would be received negatively by critics due to a variety of gameplay issues . He became the leading composer of Square Enix 's music team in October 2004 , following Uematsu 's departure from the company . In 2005 , Hamauzu , Nakano , and the duo Wavelink Zeal ( Takayuki and Yuki Iwai ) scored Musashi : Samurai Legend , the sequel to the 1998 title Brave Fencer Musashi . Hamauzu composed the highly anticipated but critically unsuccessful Final Fantasy VII follow @-@ up , Dirge of Cerberus : Final Fantasy VII , in 2006 . Later the same year , he arranged the Sailing to the World Piano Score at the request of Mitsuda ; the album was well received by pianists and confirmed Hamauzu 's position as the leading piano arranger of game music . 
 = = Rise = = 
 = Chinese Nü Yr = 
 For the date of the next eclipse see the section Recent and forthcoming solar eclipses . 
 = Woohoo ( Christina Aguilera song ) = 
 Compulsive behaviors : Time @-@ consuming behaviors intended to reduce anxiety that an individual feels compelled to perform repeatedly or according to rigid rules , such as placing objects in a specific order , checking things , or hand washing . 
 In 1968 , Motoo Kimura rekindled the debate with his neutral theory of molecular evolution , which claims that most of the genetic changes are caused by genetic drift acting on neutral mutations . 
 = = Design and description = = 
 Boot wrote many more articles with the Council in 2007 , and he received the Eric Breindel Award for Excellence in Opinion Journalism that year . In an April 2007 episode of Think Tank with Ben Wattenberg , Boot stated that he " used to be a journalist " and that he currently views himself purely as a military historian . Boot served as a foreign policy adviser to Senator John McCain in his 2008 United States presidential election bid . He stated in an editorial in World Affairs Journal that he saw strong parallels between Theodore Roosevelt and McCain . Boot continued to write for the Council in several publications in 2008 and 2009 . 
 Historically , among certain Asian and Native American cultures the family structure consisted of a grandmother and her children , especially daughters , who raised their own children together and shared child care responsibilities . Uncles , brothers , and other male relatives sometimes helped out . Romantic relationships between men and women were formed and dissolved with little impact on the children who remained in the mother 's extended family . 
 The skirmish was one of a series of actions that prompted a retaliatory expedition by Royal Navy Captain Henry Mowat in October 1775 . The major event of his cruise , the Burning of Falmouth , was cited by the Second Continental Congress when it established the Continental Navy . 
 Crest 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 The episode was co @-@ written by co @-@ executive producers Monica Owusu @-@ Breen and Alison Schapker , while being directed by cinematographer Thomas Yatsko . " The Last Sam Weiss " was the second @-@ to @-@ last episode of the season . Though the season 3 finale was scheduled to be just an hour long , executive producer Jeff Pinkner confirmed that the last three episodes would be " linked in one continuous story arc " . This was a reflection of Pinkner and co @-@ executive producer J.H. Wyman 's intent to have the last three episodes of every season seem like " you 're turning the last page of a chapter in a novel . And usually in a good novel , the last pages [ of a chapter ] compels you forward with a new understanding of what the subject matter is and you get deeper and you can ’ t wait to turn that page . " Some media outlets have referred to the episodes as a " three @-@ part third @-@ season finale " . 
 The successful integration of air and land forces in the Tunisia campaign forged by Quesada and the Allied leaders became a blueprint for operations incorporated into Army Air Forces field regulations — FM 100 @-@ 20 , " Command and Employment of Air Power " , first published on July 21 , 1943 — and provided the Allies with their first victory in the European war . Principles such as the co @-@ equality of ground and air force commanders , centralized command of tactical aircraft to exploit " the inherent flexibility of air power " , and the attainment of air superiority over the battlefield as a prerequisite for successful ground operations formed the core of tactical air doctrine . In October 1943 , Quesada assumed command of the IX Fighter Command in England , and his forces provided air cover for the landings on Normandy Beach . Among Quesada 's many military decorations were the Distinguished Service Medal with oak leaf cluster ; Distinguished Flying Cross ; Purple Heart and an Air Medal with two silver star devices . 
 = = = Production and cast = = = 
 = = = Sugar Loaf = = = 
 On 7 September 2005 , while Chen was in Beijing to publicize his class action lawsuit against the Linyi city family planning staff , he was reportedly abducted by security agents from Linyi and held for 38 hours . Recounting the incident to foreign journalists , Chen said that authorities threatened to levy criminal charges against him for providing state secrets or intelligence to foreign organizations . After Chen refused negotiations with local officials to cease his activism , Linyi authorities placed him under effective house arrest beginning in September 2005 . When he attempted to escape in October , he was beaten . 
 2 @,@ 000 troops under Ikeda Tsuneoki 
 By the terms of the treaty , the Spanish were permitted to board British vessels in Spanish waters . After one such boarding in 1731 , Robert Jenkins , captain of the ship Rebecca , claimed that a Spanish coast guard officer had severed his ear . The legend that Jenkins exhibited his pickled ear to the House of Commons appears to have no basis in fact . This served to heighten the " war fever " developing against Spain , which was also driven by the British desire for commercial and military domination of the Atlantic basin . To much cheering , the British Prime Minister , Robert Walpole , reluctantly declared war on October 23 , 1739 , reportedly saying , " They may ring their bells now ; they will be wringing their hands before long . " 
 In 2011 , a tumblr blog titled Dr. Dre Started Burning Man began proliferating the notion that the producer , rapper and entrepreneur had discovered Burning Man in 1995 during a music video shoot and offered to cover the cost of the event 's permit from the Nevada Bureau of Land Management under an agreement with the festival 's organizers that he could institute an entrance fee system , which had not existed before his participation . This claim was supported by an alleged letter from Dre to Nicole Threatt Young that indicated that Dre had shared his experience witnessing the Burning Man festival with her . 
 Boyles was not long able to enjoy his victory undisturbed : at 10 : 00 on 7 May , shortly after the removal of the French prisoners had been completed , sails were spotted on the horizon . These were rapidly identified as three French ships of the line that were making all haste to intercept and capture Swiftsure and Atalante . These ships were part of a squadron under Contre @-@ Admiral Joseph @-@ Marie Nielly that had sailed from Rochefort the day before in search of the American grain convoy shortly due in European waters . Issuing rapid orders , Boyles instructed Atalante 's prize crew to separate their ship from Swiftsure in order to force the French to split their forces ; the frigate and the ship of the line fleeing on different courses . Atalante soon outran pursuit and escaped into the Atlantic , the prize crew even managing to replace the damaged main topsail in the midst of the chase with the assistance of the French prisoners on board . Swiftsure was slower but Boyles was still able to increase the distance between his vessel and the French during the day , finally losing sight of his pursuers at 22 : 00 . 
 = = Artwork = = 
 = = Popular culture = = 
 Fighting game matches generally consist of several rounds ( typically " best of three " ) ; the player who wins the most rounds wins the match . Fighting games widely feature life bars , which are depleted as characters sustain blows . Each successful attack will deplete a character 's health , and the game continues until a fighter 's energy reaches zero . Hence , the main goal is to completely deplete the life bar of one 's opponent , thus achieving a " knockout " . Beginning with Midway 's Mortal Kombat released in 1992 , the Mortal Kombat series introduced " Fatalities " in which the victor kills a knocked @-@ out opponent in a gruesome manner . Games such as Virtua Fighter also allow a character to be defeated by forcing them outside of the fighting arena , awarding a " ring @-@ out " to the victor . Round decisions can also be determined by time over ( if a timer is present ) , which judges players based on remaining vitality to declare a winner . Fighting games often include a single player campaign or tournament , where the player must defeat a sequence of several computer controlled opponents . Winning the tournament often reveals a special story – ending cutscene , and some games also grant access to hidden characters or special features upon victory . 
 Operation Catechism , the final British attack on Tirpitz , took place on 12 November 1944 . The ship again used her 38 cm guns against the bombers , which approached the battleship at 09 : 35 ; Tirpitz 's main guns forced the bombers to disperse temporarily , but could not break up the attack . A force of 32 Lancasters from Nos. 9 and 617 Squadrons dropped 29 Tallboys on the ship , with two direct hits and one near miss . Several other bombs landed within the anti @-@ torpedo net barrier and caused significant cratering of the seabed ; this removed much of the sandbank that had been constructed to prevent the ship from capsizing . One bomb penetrated the ship 's deck between turrets Anton and Bruno but failed to explode . A second hit amidships between the aircraft catapult and the funnel and caused severe damage . A very large hole was blown into the ship 's side and bottom ; the entire section of belt armour abreast of the bomb hit was completely destroyed . A third bomb may have struck the ship on the port side of turret Caesar . The amidships hit caused significant flooding and quickly increased the port list to between 15 and 20 degrees . In ten minutes , the list increased to 30 to 40 degrees ; the captain issued the order to abandon ship . Progressive flooding increased the list to 60 degrees by 09 : 50 , though this appeared to stabilise temporarily . Eight minutes later , a large explosion rocked turret Caesar . The turret roof and part of the rotating structure were thrown 25 m ( 82 ft ) into the air and over into a group of men swimming to shore , crushing them . Tirpitz rapidly rolled over and buried her superstructure in the sea floor . 
 = = = = New Guinea Campaign = = = = 
 2016 Northvision Contest 19 
 OWU operates several facilities outside campus : The Philadelphia Business Center , Wesleyan in Washington , The New York Arts Program for the performing , visual and media arts ( a GLCA arts program ) , Perkins Observatory , The Strand Theatre , and the Kraus Wilderness Preserve . 
 Perkins Observatory is situated in Delaware on land separate to the main campus . The observatory is named after Hiram Perkins , a former professor of mathematics and astronomy at the college . When the observatory was built in 1931 , it housed the third @-@ largest telescope in the world , which has since been moved to Arizona . The Perkins dome now houses a 32 @-@ inch ( 810 mm ) telescope , which is the second @-@ largest in Ohio . 
 Although A.M. was released before Son Volt 's Trace , critical reviews were modest and initial sales were low . The album was later regarded as a " failure " by band members , as Trace became a greater commercial success . It was the band 's last album to be recorded in a purely alternative country style , as following the record the band began to expand their sound across multiple genres . It is also the only Wilco album to feature Brian Henneman of The Bottle Rockets as a lead guitarist . 
 The song was produced by TMS with vocal production by James F. Reynolds . While oldschool @-@ sounding , the song was developed with a modern beat , so listeners could also dance to it . The group envisioned " Wings " to be " a bit different " from other singles released at the time , and a combination of pop , hip hop and R & B. The track was also composed with an American audience in mind . 
 Some characters are present in multiple entries of the series , such as Giygas , Mr. Saturn , and Pokey / Porky . Giygas is the primary antagonist in both Mother and EarthBound . The alien creature 's emotional complexity deviates from genre norms . Giygas shows internal conflict in Mother and has no appearance but as an " indescribable " force in EarthBound 's final boss battle . In both final battles , Giygas is defeated through love and prayer instead of through a tour de force of weaponry , unlike the endings of other period games . Nadia Oxford wrote for IGN that nearly two decades later , EarthBound 's final fight against Giygas continues to be " one of the most epic video game standoffs of all time " with noted emotional impact . This battle 's dialogue was based on Itoi 's recollections of a traumatic scene from the Shintoho film The Military Policeman and the Dismembered Beauty that he had accidentally seen in his childhood . Oxford wrote for 1UP.com that Itoi intended to show the alien 's yearning for love in " a manner ... beyond human understanding " . Despite EarthBound and Mother 3 's dissimilar settings , the Mr. Saturn fictional species appear in similar Saturn Valleys in both games . The Mr. Saturn look like an old man 's head with feet , a large nose , and bald except for a single hair with a bow . Though they are a technologically advanced and peaceful species with a pureness of heart , they are under constant attacks from encroaching enemies . Nadia and David Oxford of 1UP.com considered the Mr. Saturn to be aliens despite their human @-@ like and fleshy appearance , as described a piece arguing the central theme of aliens in the Mother series . They compared the Mr. Saturn to Kurt Vonnegut 's Tralfamadorian alien species . Finally , Pokey begins as Ness 's child neighbor who " cowers " and " refuses to fight " in EarthBound , but grows into a " vicious control freak with no regard for human life " , Porky , by the end of the series ' Mother 3 . 
 The southward expansion of the Han dynasty led to new trade routes and diplomatic contact with foreign kingdoms . In 111 BCE , Emperor Wu conquered the Kingdom of Nanyue in what is now modern northern Vietnam and Guangdong , Guangxi , Yunnan ; thereafter he opened up maritime trade to both Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean , as foreign merchants brought lapis lazuli , pearls , jade , and glasswares to the Han Empire from this southern sea route . When a group of travelers from the Roman Empire ( allegedly diplomats of Marcus Aurelius but most likely Roman merchants ) came to the Han court in 166 CE , they allegedly came from this southern trade route . By at least the 1st century CE — as proven by Eastern Han ceramic miniature models of ships found in various tombs — the Chinese would have been able to brave distant waters with the new steering invention of the stern @-@ mounted rudder . This came to replace the less efficient steering oar . While ancient China was home to various ship designs , including the layered and fortified tower ship meant for calm waters of lakes and river , the junk design ( jun 船 ) created by the 1st century CE was China 's first seaworthy sailing ship . The typical junk has a square @-@ ended bow and stern , a flat @-@ bottomed hull or carvel @-@ shaped hull with no keel or sternpost , and solid transverse bulkheads in the place of structural ribs found in Western seacrafts . Since the Chinese junk lacked a sternpost , the rudder was attached to the back of the ship by use of either socket @-@ and @-@ jaw or block and tackle ( which differed from the later European pintle and gudgeon design of the 12th century ) . As written by a 3rd @-@ century author , junks had for @-@ and @-@ aft rigs and lug sails . 
 As a result of the States Reorganisation Act ( 1956 ) , Mangalore ( part of the Madras Presidency until this time ) was incorporated into the dominion of the newly created Mysore State ( now called Karnataka ) . Mangalore is the sixth largest city of Karnataka , and ninth largest port of India , providing the state with access to the Arabian Sea coastline . Mangalore experienced significant growth in the decades 1970 – 80 , with the opening of New Mangalore Port in 1974 and commissioning of Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers Limited in 1976 . Today , the Mangalore region is a nationally known higher education hub with a flourishing service sector , particularly in medical services , a small but growing IT regional hub , and a booming real estate and banking industry . 
 Historically the town was known as a major centre for the production of textiles ( mainly linen ) after the industrial revolution and it continued to be a major producer of textiles until that industry steadily declined in the 1990s and 2000s . The development of the ' new city ' of Craigavon had a major impact on Lurgan in the 1960s when much industry was attracted to the area . The expansion of Craigavon 's Rushmere Retail Park in the 2000s has affected the town 's retail trade further . 
 = = = Diet = = = 
 = = Honoured members = = 
 The original physical release features 25 tracks . The music begins on track 13 and ends on track 25 , Starting the album with 12 hidden tracks consisting of five seconds of silence each , totaling 1 minute of silence out of respect for a deceased fan , who also had track 10 ( Justin ) named after him . Later prints move the silent tracks after the music . In interviews Jon Davis also mentioned he was very superstitious and did not want to end an album on track 13 . 
 In 1989 , Braathens SAFE started its first international scheduled service since 1960 , from Fornebu to Billund in Denmark . Two years later , the company started flying to Newcastle , after Dan @-@ Air had withdrawn from the route , and to Malmö in Sweden . That year also saw the start of Norway Airlines , who started a base at Fornebu and offered flights to London @-@ Gatwick , as well as to Stockholm , in cooperation with Transwede , and to Copenhagen , in cooperation with Sterling Airlines . In 1992 , both Norway Airlines and Dan @-@ Air went bankrupt , and Braathens SAFE started flights to London @-@ Gatwick . It terminated the Malmö route in 1994 . After the deregulation , Braathens SAFE also introduced flights to Alicante , Málaga , Rome and Stockholm . Widerøe introduced international services to Gothenburg and Berlin . 
 = = = Musical style and songwriting = = = 
 Forrest Highway is a 95 @-@ kilometre @-@ long ( 59 mi ) highway in Western Australia 's Peel and South West regions , extending Perth 's Kwinana Freeway from east of Mandurah down to Bunbury . Old Coast Road was the original Mandurah – Bunbury route , dating back to the 1840s . Part of that road , and the Australind Bypass around Australind and Eaton , were subsumed by Forrest Highway . The highway begins at Kwinana Freeway 's southern terminus in Ravenswood , continues around the Peel Inlet to Lake Clifton , and heads south to finish at Bunbury 's Eelup Roundabout . There are a number of at @-@ grade intersections with minor roads in the shires of Murray , Waroona , and Harvey including Greenlands Road and Old Bunbury Road , both of which connect to South Western Highway near Pinjarra . 
 Vincent D 'Onofrio as Bill Newman , an eyewitness 
 = = Chess career = = 
 Rolling Stone magazine declared " [ a ] s princess of America 's black royal family , everything Janet Jackson does is important . Whether proclaiming herself in charge of her life , as she did on Control ( 1986 ) , or commander in chief of a rhythm army dancing to fight society 's problems ( Rhythm Nation 1814 , from 1989 ) , she 's influential . And when she announces her sexual maturity , as she does on her new album , Janet . , it 's a cultural moment . " Claiming the album should bring her critical praise , the magazine concludes its review with the statement " [ t ] he princess of America 's black royal family has announced herself sexually mature and surrendered none of her crown 's luster in the process . Black women and their friends , lovers and children have a victory in Janet . " Robert Christgau originally gave the album an " honorable mention " in consumer guide for The Village Voice , wherein he complimented its erotic songs and cited " Funky Big Band " , " Throb " , and " Be a Good Boy " as highlights . Billboard magazine gave a positive review , stating " [ d ] estined to be an instant smash , Ms. Jackson 's latest is a glamorous assortment of styles — pop , dance , R & B , rock , jazz , rap — each delivered with consummate skill and passion . Janet is described as " a career @-@ defining record earning Janet the right to operate on a first @-@ name basis . " 
 America 's Most Wanted 
 Case Blue involved German and other Axis forces sprawled out across a front over 480 kilometers ( 300 mi ) wide and several hundred kilometers deep , while the decision to conquer Stalingrad had stretched Axis forces even more thinly by drawing away personnel eastwards . For example , in early July the Sixth Army was defending a 160 @-@ kilometer ( 99 mi ) line , while also committing to an offensive which involved a distance of around 400 kilometers ( 250 mi ) . Army Group B , which was split from Army Group South ( the forces operating around the Caucasus were named Army Group A ) , seemed strong on paper : it included the Second and Sixth German , Fourth Panzer , Fourth and Third Romanian , Eighth Italian , and Second Hungarian Armies . Army Group B had the 48th Panzer Corps , which had the strength of a weakened panzer division , and a single infantry division as reserves . For the most part the German flanks were held by arriving non @-@ German Axis armies , while German forces were used to spearhead continued operations in Stalingrad and in the Caucasus . 
 Motorcade of Generosity ( 1994 ) 
 In 1956 Lê Duẩn was appointed to the Secretariat . Lê Duẩn was ordered by the Politburo in August 1956 to guide the revolutionary struggle in South Vietnam . The same month he traveled from U Minh to Bến Tre and instructed the southern communists to stop fighting in the name of religious sects . Throughout the year , the party had been split by factional rivalry between party boss Trường Chinh and President Hồ , who was supported by Võ Nguyên Giáp . This rivalry focused on the issue of land reform in the North . Lê Duẩn remained neutral , allowing him to act as the First Secretary ( head of the Communist Party ) on Hồ 's behalf in late 1956 . In 1957 , he was given a seat in the Politburo . 
 = = = Last years and death = = = 
 <formula> 
 HMS Caesar was a Majestic @-@ class pre @-@ dreadnought battleship of the Royal Navy , named after the Roman military and political leader Julius Caesar . The ship was built at the Portsmouth Dockyard , starting with her keel laying in March 1895 . She was launched in September 1896 and was commissioned into the fleet in January 1898 . She was armed with a main battery of four 12 @-@ inch ( 300 mm ) guns and a secondary battery of twelve 6 @-@ inch ( 150 mm ) guns . The ship had a top speed of 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) . 
 = = = Irish student controversy = = = 
 The first actor to be cast for Alien vs. Predator was Lance Henriksen , who played the character Bishop in Aliens and Alien 3 . Although the Alien movies are set 150 years in the future , Anderson wanted to keep continuity with the series by including a familiar actor . Henriksen plays billionaire Charles Bishop Weyland , a character that ties in with the Weyland @-@ Yutani Corporation . According to Anderson , Weyland becomes known for the discovery of the pyramid , and as a result the Weyland @-@ Yutani Corporation models the Bishop android in the Alien films after him ; " when the Bishop android is created in 150 years time , it 's created with the face of the creator . It 's kind of like Microsoft building an android in 100 years time that has the face of Bill Gates . " 
 = = = Theatrical run = = = 
 Cryolophosaurus was a large , well @-@ built theropod , one of the largest of its time . The genus has been described by Roger Benson and colleagues ( 2012 ) as a top predator in Antarctica . It had slender proportions . Cryolophosaurus was estimated as being 6 to 7 m ( 19 @.@ 7 to 23 @.@ 0 ft ) in length by William R. Hammer & William J. Hickerson ( 1999 ) . A 2007 study by Nathan Smith et al. revised the length to 6 @.@ 5 m ( 21 @.@ 3 ft ) . Its weight estimated at 465 kilograms ( 1 @,@ 025 lb ) . Based on these length and weight estimates , Cryolophosaurus is currently the largest known Early Jurassic theropod . Smith et al . ( 2007b ) and Benson et al . ( 2012 ) noted that the holotype individual probably represents a sub @-@ adult , so adults could have been larger . 
 The marble facade on the Stillman Valley monument , erected in 1901 to commemorate the battle , refers to Lincoln 's presence at Stillman 's Run , " The presence of soldier , statesman , martyr , Abraham Lincoln assisting in the burial of these honored dead has made this spot more sacred . " Other sources assert that General Whiteside originally buried the dead in a common grave on a ridge south of the battlefield , marked with a rudimentary wooden memorial . These sources make no mention of Lincoln . 
 Since the late 1980s , the Government has increasingly called upon the ADF to contribute forces to peacekeeping missions around the world . While most of these deployments involved only small numbers of specialists , several led to the deployment of hundreds of personnel . Large peacekeeping deployments were made to Namibia in early 1989 , Cambodia between 1992 and 1993 , Somalia in 1993 , Rwanda between 1994 and 1995 and Bougainville in 1994 and from 1997 onwards . 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 " Revolution " ( Extended Mix ) – 6 : 25 
 The film was rated R for " pervasive vulgar language and crude sexual humor , and for some violent images " by the Motion Picture Association of America ; this rating did not come as surprise to most media outlets , as many had predicted long before that the film would likely be for ages 18 and over . However , there was much more discussion within the MPAA than initially reported in the media . The board 's objections to the film were described in highly specific terms by Paramount Pictures executives in private memos circulating at Paramount . For months the ratings board insisted on the more prohibitive NC @-@ 17 . South Park was screened by the MPAA six times — five times , the board returned the movie to Paramount with an NC @-@ 17 . The last submission the filmmakers received was an NC @-@ 17 , two weeks before release . A marketing agent from Paramount called the two and explained that the studio " needed " an R. In response , Stone called producer Scott Rudin and " freaked out . " Rudin then called a Paramount executive and , in Stone 's words , " freaked out on them . " The next day the film was changed to an R rating without reason , with the original film intact . " The ratings board only cared about the dirty words ; they 're so confused and arbitrary , " said Parker to The New York Times shortly before the release of the picture . " They didn 't blink twice because of violence . " During production of the trailer for the film , the raters objected to certain words but had no problem with a scene in which cartoon bullets are killing soldiers . " They had a problem with words , not bullets , " he said . The MPAA gave Paramount specific notes for the film ; in contrast , Parker and Stone 's NC @-@ 17 comedy Orgazmo , released in 1998 by Rogue Pictures , was not given any specifications on how to make the movie acceptable for an R rating . The duo attributed the R rating to the fact that Paramount is a member of the MPAA ; the distributor dismissed these claims . The film was given a 15 certificate by the British Board of Film Classification for " frequent coarse language and crude sexual references " with no cuts made . It was rated MA15 + ( Mature accompanied for those under 15 ) by the Australian Classification Board without cuts . 
 = = = = Secretory phase = = = = 
 = = = = Indian @-@ Americans = = = = 
 Transport planners in Greater Manchester describe Metrolink as both " an icon of Greater Manchester " , and " an integral part of the landscape in Greater Manchester " . The Guardian describes Metrolink as " Manchester 's efficient and much @-@ loved tram system " . Under ownership of the Guardian Media Group , the Manchester Evening News spearheaded the Get Our Metrolink Back on Track campaign in 2004 – 05 . Under Trinity Mirror ownership , the Manchester Evening News used the Freedom of Information Act 2000 to reveal that Metrolink received over 10 @,@ 000 complaints between May 2011 and May 2012 . 
 Although US President Woodrow Wilson was re @-@ elected in 1916 under the slogan " He kept us out of the war " , at the start of his second term he decided that Germany 's continued deployment of unrestricted submarine warfare was sufficient cause for the US to enter World War I. Shortly afterward , Congress passed the Selective Service Act of 1917 , which required all males aged 21 – 30 to register for military conscription . Goldman saw the decision as an exercise in militarist aggression , driven by capitalism . She declared in Mother Earth her intent to resist conscription , and to oppose US involvement in the war . 
 Harbhajan 's Test fortunes improved immediately upon the start of the 2001 – 02 international season in India . Playing in his first international match at his home ground in Mohali , Punjab , Harbhajan took match figures of 7 / 110 , including 5 / 51 in the first innings , to help India win the First Test by ten wickets against the touring English team . He continued his steady form throughout the series with another five wicket haul in the Second Test in Ahmedabad , to end with thirteen wickets at 24 @.@ 53 for the series , although he went wicketless in 27 @.@ 1 overs in the Third and final Test . Harbhajan 's good home form persisted in the Test matches against Zimbabwe , taking twelve wickets at 19 @.@ 66 in two games . In the First Test , he took 4 / 46 in the second innings to seal an innings victory after going wicketless in the second innings . His 2 / 70 and 6 / 62 in the Second Test in Delhi saw him named man of the match in a Test for the second time in his career . As in the first instance , he hit the winning runs , a straight @-@ driven six , after India had lost six wickets and threatened to collapse in pursuit of a modest 122 for victory . He also performed strongly in the ODIs during the Indian season , taking twenty wickets at 19 @.@ 75 in ten matches and taking his first five wicket haul in ODIs . In the five matches against England , he took ten wickets at 20 @.@ 10 at an economy rate of 4 @.@ 27 . His best result was a 5 / 43 in the last of these matches , but a late collapse handed the tourists a five @-@ run win . He did better against the Zimbabweans , taking 10 wickets in five matches at an average of 19 @.@ 40 and an economy rate of 4 @.@ 06 . This included a 4 / 33 in the final match . He also scored 39 runs without defeat for the series , including a 24 not out as India were skittled for 191 in one match . As Harbhajan was ensconced in the Indian team for the first team , he only played in two RAnji Trophy matches for Punjab , taking 13 wickets at 20 @.@ 01 and scoring 71 runs at 17 @.@ 75 . 
 = = = British assault = = = 
 In 1981 Roone Arledge offered Stossel a job at ABC News , as a correspondent for 20 / 20 and consumer reporter for Good Morning America . His " Give Me a Break " segments for the former featured a skeptical look at subjects from government regulations and pop culture to censorship and unfounded fear . The series was spun off into a series of one @-@ hour specials with budgets of half a million dollars that began in 1994 . They include : 
 The Michigan Sea Grant Program organized a three @-@ day dive to survey the Fitzgerald in 1989 . The primary objective was to record 3 @-@ D videotape for use in museum educational programs and production of documentaries . The expedition used a towed survey system ( TSS Mk1 ) and a self @-@ propelled , tethered , free swimming remotely operated underwater vehicle ( ROV ) . The Mini Rover ROV was equipped with miniature stereoscopic cameras and wide angle lenses in order to produce 3 @-@ D images . The towed survey system and the Mini Rover ROV were designed , built and operated by Chris Nicholson of Deep Sea Systems International , Inc . Participants included the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , the National Geographic Society , the United States Army Corps of Engineers , the Great Lakes Shipwreck Historical Society ( GLSHS ) , and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service , the latter providing RV Grayling as the support vessel for the ROV . The GLSHS used part of the five hours of video footage produced during the dives in a documentary and the National Geographic Society used a segment in a broadcast . Frederick Stonehouse , who wrote one of the first books on the Fitzgerald wreck , moderated a 1990 panel review of the video that drew no conclusions about the cause of Fitzgerald 's sinking . 
 The new line was included in the financing plans of the new Hong Kong International Airport as the airport was not considered viable without direct public transport links . Construction costs were also shared by the MTRC , which was granted many large @-@ scale developments in the construction plans for the new stations . 
 When The Sea was released in 2010 , it debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart , and number seven on the Billboard 200 in the US , where it sold 53 @,@ 000 copies in its first week . On 19 February , the album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) , and by April , it had sold 156 @,@ 000 copies in the US , according to Nielsen SoundScan . On 27 February 2010 , Rae embarked on the European leg of her supporting tour for the album , The Sea Tour , which featured singer @-@ songwriter Daniel Merriweather as her opening act ; the tour began its North American leg on 9 April . 
 Wilde left Portora with a royal scholarship to read classics at Trinity College , Dublin , from 1871 to 1874 , sharing rooms with his older brother Willie Wilde . Trinity , one of the leading classical schools , placed him with scholars such as R. Y. Tyrell , Arthur Palmer , Edward Dowden and his tutor , J. P. Mahaffy who inspired his interest in Greek literature . As a student Wilde worked with Mahaffy on the latter 's book Social Life in Greece . Wilde , despite later reservations , called Mahaffy " my first and best teacher " and " the scholar who showed me how to love Greek things " . For his part , Mahaffy boasted of having created Wilde ; later , he named him " the only blot on my tutorship " . 
 Idi Amin Dada ( / ˈiːdi ɑːˈmiːn / ; c . 1923 – 28 – 16 August 2003 ) was the third President of Uganda , ruling from 1971 to 1979 . Amin joined the British colonial regiment the King 's African Rifles in 1946 , serving in Kenya and Uganda . Eventually , Amin held the rank of major general in the post @-@ colonial Ugandan Army , and became its commander before seizing power in the military coup of January 1971 , deposing Milton Obote . He later promoted himself to field marshal while he was the head of state . 
 NYU 's sports teams are referred to as the NYU Violets , the colors being the trademarked hue " NYU Violet " and white . Since 1981 , the school mascot has been a bobcat , whose origin can be traced back to the abbreviation then being used by the Bobst Library computerized catalog — short : Bobcat . NYU 's sports teams include baseball , men 's and women 's varsity basketball , cross country , fencing , golf , soccer , softball , swimming and diving , tennis , track and field , volleyball , and wrestling . All of NYU 's sports teams participate in the NCAA 's Division III and the University Athletic Association , with the exception of fencing , which participates in Division I. While NYU has had All @-@ American football players , the school has not had a varsity football team since 1952 . 
 Though always a supporter , Kanae left behind printmaking in the 1920s and devoted his artistic output to painting until he suffered a stroke in 1942 . He spent his remaining years in mountainous Nagano in the city of Ueda , where the Kanae Yamamoto Memorial Museum was erected in 1962 . 
 Guitar Hero : Metallica is a music rhythm game developed by Neversoft , published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane . The game was released in North America on the PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 on March 29 , 2009 and on PlayStation 2 on April 14 , 2009 , with an Australian and European release in May 2009 . Guitar Hero : Metallica is the second game of the Guitar Hero series to focus on the career and songs of one band following Guitar Hero : Aerosmith . 
 Wavering Radiant is the fifth and final full @-@ length album by American post @-@ metal group ISIS , released by Ipecac Recordings in 2009 and produced by Joe Barresi . It stands as Isis ' last full @-@ length album , as the band split just over a year after its release . The album continues Isis ' history of lengthy songwriting , yet presents a slight departure from the soft @-@ loud dynamics and post @-@ metal aesthetic which characterized previous releases . 
 Donnell Woolford - Pro Bowl Cornerback , Chicago Bears — Batavia , Illinois : Lodge 682 
 = = = Bell vs. Lancasterian school system debate = = = 
 The song was produced by Coldplay and British record producer Ken Nelson . As with most songs in the album , Nelson used an analogue desk in recording " Shiver " . The guitar was re @-@ dubbed in search of perfection , while Martin de @-@ tuned his guitar to easily generate complex chord sequences . Martin 's vocals were recorded in more than one take , but the band chose the one with a single take . 
 Two riders very disappointed with their results were Michael Matthews and Fabian Cancellara . Matthews crashed at high speed shortly before the Cipressa and arrived at the finish with a bandaged right elbow . He said : " Obviously I 'm devastated . [ ... ] This was everything , this was my world championships for the start of the season . [ ... ] I was really looking forward to making a good finale , it 's really unfortunate that a crash stopped me from doing that . " Cancellara , who was riding the event for the last time before retirement at the end of the 2016 season , was held up in Gaviria 's crash after having stayed in the leading group . He described his final kilometres as difficult , as he had been isolated from his teammates , saying that the other riders mainly attacked him and did not work with him . Another rider who was almost involved when Gaviria fell was Peter Sagan , who confirmed that the peloton had covered Cancellara in particular . He went on to describe the moment of Gaviria 's crash : " Then I got away with Boasson Hagen , Gaviria and someone else . Then with about 500 metres to go , Gaviria looked around because the group was coming up . He went down and I only just managed to avoid him . I stayed up but I lost a lot speed and never managed to get going again in the final metres . " 
 A few days after the murders , the Ministry of Interior announced its deliberation about making the gun license registry accessible to psychiatrists in order to give them the ability to report to police possible changes of mental state of their patients having an impact on their eligibility to possess firearms . This was , however , rejected by psychiatric associations . They argued that psychiatrists ' main goal is to cure patients , and that potential patients may be more likely to avoid psychiatric treatment for fear of losing their gun license . 
 = = = Gun politics = = = 
 Soyuz TM @-@ 18 / Soyuz TM @-@ 20 – January 8 , 1994 to March 22 , 1995 – 437 days , 17 hours , 58 minutes 
 = = = Cultural and Educational Rights = = = 
 A selection of proposals during the 1987 – 1988 contest is shown below : 
 Nash played for Tasmania against the touring West Indian cricket team in December 1930 . Batting at number three , Nash made 41 and 0 and took 2 / 87 , including bowling Learie Constantine , who had scored 100 in 65 minutes . Journalists noted that during Constantine 's innings , Nash was the only Tasmanian bowler to watch the West Indian closely and take note of his strengths and weaknesses , which led to his eventual success against the batsman . 
 " Northwest Passage " first aired in the United States on May 6 , 2010 to an estimated 5 @.@ 82 million viewers . It received generally positive reviews , as many critics praised the writers ' decision to focus on Peter in a new location . Others noted references to the television series Twin Peaks . 
 = = = Domestic policies = = = 
 = = Reception = = 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 = = Race = = 
 WWVH transmits the same information on a different schedule . WWV and WWVH 's voice announcements are timed to avoid crosstalk ; WWV airs dead air when WWVH airs voice announcements , and vice versa . WWVH 's storm warnings cover the area around the Hawaiian islands and the Far East rather than North America . 
 Majungasaurus is classified as a member of the theropod clade Abelisauridae , which is considered a family in Linnaean taxonomy . Along with the family Noasauridae , abelisaurids are included in the superfamily Abelisauroidea , which is in turn a subdivision of the infraorder Ceratosauria . Abelisaurids are known for their tall skulls with blunt snouts , extensive sculpturing on the outer surfaces of the facial bones ( convergent with carcharodontosaurids ) , very reduced ( atrophied ) forelimbs ( convergent with tyrannosaurids ) , and stocky hindlimb proportions , among other features . 
 Mike Dean – additional production , bass , composer , mixing , piano 
 On August 11 , Tropical Depression Eight developed southwest of Fort Myers , Florida . It quickly moved ashore , reaching Lake Okeechobee before looping to the northwest . While moving across the state , it dropped heavy rainfall of around 10 in ( 250 mm ) along the west coast . In Pinellas Park , the heavy rains led to flash flooding that forced 200 families from their house , including one that required evacuation from a helicopter . Damage in the region was estimated at $ 250 @,@ 000 ( 1971 USD , $ 1 @.@ 46 million 2016 USD ) . 
 October 2 – Saltville , Virginia – Battle of Saltville I 
 = = = German forces = = = 
 = K Foundation Burn a Million Quid = 
 = = Later years and legacy = = 
 In the sixth form , boys take four subjects at AS @-@ Level and continue three of those four subjects into their A2 year . Subjects on offer include Geography , History and Politics , Economics , Mathematics , Language and Literature , Modern Languages , Chemistry , Biology , Physics , Drama and Theatre , Classical Languages / Studies , Design and Visual Arts , Religious Education , Information Technology and Physical Education . There is also a programme of PSHE , and games at all levels , and a ICT programme for the first and second forms . 
 A few years before Leo 's paper , the first small papyrus fragment was found , and the first half of the twentieth century would see the publication of several other pieces which added significantly to the modern text of the Catalogue . Among these finds were important passages , the Catalogue of Suitors and Epithalamium of Peleus and Thetis for example , but few advanced the modern understanding of the work 's overall structure . The appearance of the proem in 1956 actually led to a major misapprehension , for the list of gods found therein , beginning with Zeus and proceeding through the divine Heracles , led some to believe that the Catalogue was not organized in a strictly genealogical manner , but presented the unions of gods and heroines organized to some extent by amorous deity . Six years later , with the publication of the 28th part of the Oxyrhynchus Papyri , the corpus of papyrus witnesses to the fragmentary Hesiodic poems was nearly doubled , with the lion 's share of these new texts belonging to the Catalogue . The new papyri proved once and for all that the poem was organized by genealogies of the great families in a way similar to the Bibliotheca , and that the poet 's use of the ē ' hoiē @-@ formula was not a random method of introduction but an organizing tool within an overall structure . 
 Bach ( " Great Composers " series ) . London : Faber & Faber . 1965 . OCLC 748710834 . 
 = = = First conducting posts = = = 
 = = = Tropical Storm Aletta = = = 
 On June 10 , an area of disturbed weather was located several hundred miles southwest of Acapulco , Mexico , and the system slowed to a westward drift . After gradually becoming better organized , the NHC estimated that the wave spawned Tropical Depression Two @-@ E around 1800 UTC on June 15 . Initially , the depression towards the northwest before a ridge of high pressure situated over Mexico caused the storm to turn towards the west @-@ northwest . Based on improving satellite presentation , the NHC upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Barbara . With favorable conditions , Barbara continued to intensify , attaining hurricane @-@ status roughly 24 hours after being named . Six hours later , the storm reached its peak intensity with winds of 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) Satellite images early on June 18 showed that cool , dry air was becoming entrained into the northern inflow of the storm and Barbara was nearing cooler waters . These factors led to the storm weakening below hurricane intensity by 0000 UTC on June 19 . Wind shear at this time also began to increase , displacing all convection associated with the storm to the northeast of the center . By June 20 , the former hurricane was further downgraded to a tropical depression . The NHC issued their final advisory on the system early on June 21 ; however , the remnants of the storm persisted until June 27 . 
 = Music of Final Fantasy VI = 
 Training camp had been dominated by the comeback attempt of Theoren Fleury at the age of 41 . Fleury had last played in the NHL in 2003 as a member of the Chicago Blackhawks before his career was halted by drug and alcohol addictions . Fleury , who had been under NHL suspension over his addictions since he last played , was reinstated by the league prior to the opening of camp and subsequently signed a tryout offer . He appeared in the Flames ' second pre @-@ season game , against the New York Islanders , drawing a loud ovation from the fans . He scored the only shootout goal to lead the Flames to a 5 – 4 victory before acknowledging the Saddledome crowd as it chanted " Theo ! Theo ! Theo ! " 
 Vedic Brahminism was popular in the 6th and 7th centuries when inscriptions refer to grants made to Srotriya Brahmins . These inscriptions also describe the gotra ( lineage ) affiliation to royal families and their adherence of such Vedic rituals as asvamedha ( horse sacrifice ) and hiranyagarbha . Brahmins and kings enjoyed a mutually beneficial relationship ; rituals performed by the brahmins gave legitimacy to kings and the land grants made by kings to brahmins elevated them in society to the level of wealthy landowners . Vaishnavism however maintained a low profile and not many inscriptions describe grants towards its cause . Some Vaishnava temples were built by the Gangas such as the Narayanaswami temples at Nanjangud , Sattur and Hangala in modern Mysore district . The deity Vishnu was depicted with four arms holding a conch ( sanka ) , discus ( cakra ) , mace ( gada ) and lotus ( padma ) . 
 In 1779 , Peel 's mill in Altham was caught in series of riots against machinery , specifically the carding machines and spinning jenny . Peel came to see the destruction as fortuitous , as he then turned to Richard Arkwright 's carding " engine " . By 1795 , Peel 's family run company , Peel & Co . , was the largest in the cotton industry with twenty @-@ three mills around the north west of England , fourteen more than their closest competitor . 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 On December 15 , 2015 , it was reported that Blount was added to the Patriots ' injured / reserved list for the remainder of the season after suffering a left hip injury during the previous game against the Houston Texans . He ended the season having racked up 165 carries , 703 rushing yards , and 6 rushing touchdowns in 12 games . 
 Three months into development , Bushnell told Alcorn he wanted the game to feature realistic sound effects and a roaring crowd . Dabney wanted the game to " boo " and " hiss " when a player lost a round . Alcorn had limited space available for the necessary electronics and was unaware of how to create such sounds with digital circuits . After inspecting the sync generator , he discovered that it could generate different tones and used those for the game 's sound effects . To construct the prototype , Alcorn purchased a $ 75 Hitachi black @-@ and @-@ white television set from a local store , placed it into a 4 @-@ foot ( 1 @.@ 2 m ) wooden cabinet , and soldered the wires into boards to create the necessary circuitry . The prototype impressed Bushnell and Dabney so much that they felt it could be a profitable product and decided to test its marketability . 
 Kenny noted Lee had been appointed chair of the party 's committee on economic policy and also its forum . " I had anticipated a very important role for [ George Lee ] in the coming period with Fine Gael . " Kenny 's spokesman later dismissed the proposition that the resignation had implications for his leadership . He cited the public endorsement of Kenny by 20 Dáil deputies over the course of the weekend . Former Fine Gael leader Michael Noonan said he was surprised at the decision : " I thought that George Lee was fitting in well " , adding that he believed he would have been a cabinet member in a Fine Gael @-@ led government . 
 = = = Subjects = = = 
 Allied reconnaissance aircraft sighted Jojima 's supply convoy 210 mi ( 180 nmi ; 340 km ) from Guadalcanal between Kolombangara and Choiseul in the Slot at 14 : 45 on the same day , and reported it as two " cruisers " and six destroyers . Gotō 's force — following the convoy — was not sighted . In response to the sighting of Jojima 's force , at 16 : 07 Scott turned toward Guadalcanal for an interception . 
 The team faces new challenges . When Tripathi refuses to send the women 's team to Australia for the World Cup , Khan proposes a match against the men ’ s team . Although his team loses , their performance inspires Tripathi to send them to Australia after all . The tournament begins with a 7 @-@ 0 loss to Australia , followed by victories over England , Spain , South Africa , New Zealand , Argentina and South Korea . They are again matched with Australia for the final ; this time , they defeat the Hockeyroos for the World Cup . When the team returns home their families treat them with greater respect and Khan , his good name restored , returns with his mother to their ancestral home . 
 1999 : National Book Awards Children 's Book of the Year , winner Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets 
 An architect hired by the city proposed demolition of the fountain , but no decision was made . In 2004 , San Francisco Supervisor Aaron Peskin renewed the call to demolish the fountain . The water supply to the fountain had been turned off for several years , because of California 's energy crisis of those years . Armand Vaillancourt immediately pledged that he would " fight like a devil to preserve that work " . Debra Lahane , a member of the San Francisco Arts Commission , said that " it succeeds as a work of art if it provokes dialogue and discussion . Art that engages the public has had a measure of success . " 
 = = = = 24 – 25 September = = = = 
 = = = Reproduction = = = 
 Pteranodon was notable for its skull crest , though the function of this crest has been a subject of debate . Most explanations have focused on the blade @-@ like , backward pointed crest of male P. longiceps , however , and ignored the wide range of variation across age and sex . The fact that the crests vary so much rules out most practical functions other than for use in mating displays . Therefore , display was probably the main function of the crest , and any other functions were secondary . 
 Heaven & Hell Tour 1980 – 1981 
 By the mid @-@ 1960s , Poland was starting to experience also economic difficulties and the appreciable thus far standard of living improvements were showing signs of stagnation ( during 1960 – 70 real wages for workers grew only by an average of 1 @.@ 8 % per year ) . The postwar economic boom was ending and the increasingly globalized and integrated world economy was becoming inhospitable to national development operating behind trade barriers . Similar to other communist regimes , Poland was spending too much on heavy industry , armaments and prestige projects , and too little on consumer production . The failure of Soviet @-@ style collectivization returned the collectivized land to the peasants , but most of their farms were too small to be prosperous and productivity in agriculture remained low . Economic relations with West Germany were frozen due to East German interference and resistance to economic integration . Gomułka attributed the signs of economic decline to the faulty implementation of the fundamentally correct directions issued by the central organs of the Party . He failed to appreciate the corrective role of the market , whose feedback could not be replaced by theoretical computations , planning and administrative decisions . On the other hand , pursuing conservative investment rather than consumption oriented economic policies , his regime generated no foreign debt . 
 = = Touring and aftermath = = 
 Early attempts were made by Charles I to enclose parts of the Blackdowns in the 1630s however this was opposed by the local lord and the commoners . He managed to enclose 1 @.@ 634 acres ( 6 @,@ 610 m2 ) and soon sold these , but many of the hedges and fences were removed during the English Civil War . This was followed by further attempts at enclosure in 1658 but again only about a third was successfully enclosed , which remained the situation until 1833 when the rest of the hills were enclosed . 
 The show is set in a fictional continent called the " Land of Ooo " , in a post @-@ apocalyptic future about a thousand years after a nuclear holocaust called the " Great Mushroom War " . According to Ward , the show takes place " after the bombs have fallen and magic has come back into the world " . Before the series was fully developed , Ward 's intended the Land of Ooo to be simply " magical " . After the broadcast of " Business Time " , in which an iceberg containing reanimated business men floats to the surface of a lake , the show became post @-@ apocalyptic ; Ward said the production crew " just ran with it " . Ward later described the setting as " candyland on the surface and dark underneath " , and said he had never intended the Mushroom War and the post @-@ apocalyptic elements to be " hit over the head in the show " . He limited it to " cars buried underground in the background [ and other elements that do not ] raise any eyebrows " . Ward has said the post @-@ apocalyptic elements of the series were influenced by the 1979 film Mad Max . Kenny called the way in which the elements are worked into the plot " very fill @-@ in @-@ the @-@ blanks " , and DiMaggio said , " it 's been obvious the Land of Ooo has some issues " . 
 All songs written and composed by Fabio Frizzi . 
 Sources disagree on the house 's initial construction date , and no records survive of its construction . There is some archaeological evidence dating parts of the building to the 15th century ; William Robinson 's History and Antiquities of the Parish of Tottenham ( 1840 ) suggests a date of about 1514 , although the Royal Commission on Historic Monuments attributes it to the late 16th century . Nikolaus Pevsner speculates the front may have formed part of a courtyard house of which the remainder has disappeared . 
 Boydell wanted to use the edition to help stimulate a British school of history painting . He wrote in the " Preface " to the folio that he wanted " to advance that art towards maturity , and establish an English School of Historical Painting " . A court document used by Josiah to collect debts from customers after Boydell 's death relates the story of the dinner and Boydell 's motivations : 
 According to Zalmout et al . , Saadanius may also help resolve the age of the hominoid – cercopithecoid split . Paleoanthropological work has typically placed the divergence between 25 and 23 mya , but genetic @-@ based estimates have placed it in the early Oligocene , approximately 33 mya . Despite the predictions from the genetic tests , little fossil evidence has been found for a last common ancestor between 30 and 23 mya , favoring a later split . Only isolated teeth of Kamoyapithecus hinted at the existence of potential basal hominoids in the late Oligocene ( between 24 and 27 @.@ 5 mya ) , while the oldest fossil Old World monkey , Victoriapithecus macinnesi , dates to 19 mya . With the discovery of Saadanius , Zalmout et al. suggested a later split than the genetic data , dating between 29 – 28 and 24 mya . However , Pozzi et al. later argued that although Saadanius is a significant discovery , because it is a stem catarrhine , it could not be used to date the divergence of the crown group . The presence of stem taxa in the fossil record does not indicate that crown groups have evolved , and stem taxa may survive for millions of years after the crown taxa appear . For this reason , the fossil record can only suggest a hard minimum boundary for divergence dates , which corresponds to the first appearance of a crown taxon . Furthermore , Pozzi et al. pointed out that the supplementary material published by Zalmout et al. demonstrated that Pliopithecoidea were more closely related to living catarrhines than Saadanius . 
 The video for " Lights and Sounds " was shot on a Van Nuys , California sound stage in October 2005 . Originally , the video was supposed to be directed by Ryan Key , when the time came to start production , it was instead directed by Marc Webb , who had previously worked with Yellowcard on their 2004 video for " Ocean Avenue " . The video premiered on November 7 , 2005 , on MTV2 . 
 = All Things Must Pass ( song ) = 
 Soon after Harrison had begun talking publicly about making a solo album , during the final months of 1969 , he offered " All Things Must Pass " , along with the more recent " My Sweet Lord " , to Billy Preston for the latter 's album Encouraging Words . Through Harrison 's invitation , Preston had played keyboards for the Beatles once the Get Back / Let It Be sessions resumed at Apple Studio , where the 22 @-@ year @-@ old Texan had impressed with his superior musicianship and convivial presence . Preston was soon offered a recording deal with Apple Records , Encouraging Words being the second album under the contract . 
 = = 1980s refit = = 
 = = = Post @-@ war years = = = 
 Forty 25 @-@ millimeter ( 0 @.@ 98 in ) 79 @-@ caliber AA guns were carried in ten quadruple powered BL @-@ 120 mounts . These were designed especially for the Stalingrads and were fully , if lightly , armored against splinters . Each individual gun weighed 101 kg ( 223 lb ) and the complete mount weighed 4 t ( 3 @.@ 9 long tons ; 4 @.@ 4 short tons ) . The guns in this mount could depress to -5 ° and elevate to 90 ° at a rate of 25 ° a second . Traverse speed was 70 ° per second . The gun fired .281 @-@ kilogram ( 0 @.@ 62 lb ) shells at a muzzle velocity of 900 m / s ( 3 @,@ 000 ft / s ) to a maximum effective range of 2 @,@ 400 – 2 @,@ 800 m ( 2 @,@ 600 – 3 @,@ 100 yd ) . Its effective rate of fire was 240 rounds per minute and 1200 rounds were carried for each gun . 
 Updated to 10 December 2011 . 
 Rogers Audio was the earliest licensee , but went out of business before producing a single unit . The Rogers name was bought by Swisstone , who started manufacturing the 3 / 5A under licence in 1975 . Rogers ' production accounted for the majority , of around 43 @,@ 000 pairs by 1988 , and 50 @,@ 000 pairs in total . Of the other main manufacturers , Spendor produced about 22 @,@ 000 pairs , and Audiomaster 10 @,@ 000 . Dudley Harwood , the BBC engineer instrumental in the creation of the 3 / 5A , started Harbeth and obtained a license in 1977 , but the company produced no LS3 / 5As for a decade . Eventually , Harbeth accounted for 7 @,@ 000 pairs . KEF , who obtained its licence in 1993 , claims approximately 4 @,@ 000 pairs made . Other licensees included Chartwell , RAM , Goodmans and Stirling Broadcast.A current licence for the 15 ohm LS3 / 5a is held by Falcon Acoustics 
 = = = Early Revolutionary War = = = 
 At Fillmore East was released in July 1971 by Capricorn Records as a double album , but reduced to the cost of a single LP . Atlantic and Atco initially rejected the idea of issuing a double album , with Jerry Wexler feeling it " ridiculous to preserve all these jams . " Manager Phil Walden explained to executives that the band were less of a studio band and that live performances were most important to them . In all , the album featured seven songs spread over four vinyl sides . The album received strong initial sales . While previous albums by the band had taken months to hit the charts ( often near the bottom of the top 200 ) , the record started to climb the charts after a matter of days . At Fillmore East peaked at number thirteen on Billboard 's Top Pop Albums chart , and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America that October . The album was later certified platinum on August 25 , 1992 . 
 = = Morphology = = 
 Bernard 's difficulties were compounded when , after the death in late 1760 of King George II , it became necessary to reissue writs of assistance to customs tax collectors . These writs , which were essentially open @-@ ended search warrants , were judicially controversial and so unpopular that their issuance was later explicitly disallowed by the United States Constitution . Hutchinson , who approved the writs in one of his first acts as chief justice , saw his popularity fall , and Otis , who argued the writs violated the Rights of Englishmen , gained in popularity . He was elected to the provincial legislature in May 1761 , where he was well placed to continue his attacks on Bernard 's policies . In the 1761 session of the assembly Otis engineered the gift of Mount Desert Island to Bernard , a partially successful stratagem to divert Bernard 's attention from ongoing customs seizures . 
 = = = United States = = = 
 = = = Binding = = = 
 After Philip 's visit in 1557 , Mary thought she was pregnant again , with a baby due in March 1558 . She decreed in her will that her husband would be the regent during the minority of their child . However , no child was born , and Mary was forced to accept that Elizabeth was her lawful successor . 
 Mark Antony was amassing political support , but Octavian still had opportunity to rival him as the leading member of the faction supporting Caesar . Mark Antony had lost the support of many Romans and supporters of Caesar when he initially opposed the motion to elevate Caesar to divine status . Octavian failed to persuade Antony to relinquish Caesar 's money to him . During the summer , he managed to win support from Caesarian sympathizers , however , who saw the younger heir as the lesser evil and hoped to manipulate him , or to bear with him during their efforts to get rid of Antony . 
 Musical accompaniment for the silent films were not provided by the studios , and the Thanhouser productions were no exception . The musical program for the screenings were decided and played by the individual accompanists . At times , musical accompaniments were shared in trade journals , but for Looking Forward a dispute serves to provide one musical credit provided by Mrs. Buttery of Pennsylvania . In responding to an editorial in The Moving Picture World , Mrs. Buttery stated that " John Took Me Home to See His Mother " was played during film at some unstated point . 
 The film was released on Blu @-@ ray on July 26 , 2011 , with the same basic contents as the 25th @-@ anniversary DVD . In a March 2011 interview with Ain 't it Cool News , Landis also mentioned he had approved the Blu @-@ ray 's remastered transfer . 
 The New York Times reported in February of 2016 that nearly 2 @,@ 100 emails contained in Clinton 's server were retroactively marked classified by the State Department . A later FBI investigation found that Clinton both sent and received 110 emails that contained classified information , including a " small number " that contained markings indicating classified status . 
 Phase 1a 18 @.@ 5 @-@ kilometre ( 11 @.@ 5 mi ) from Newhaven to Edinburgh Airport via Princes Street , combining parts of lines 1 and 2 
 Mona returns in " Mona Leaves @-@ a " to try to make up for lost time with Homer , but he angrily refuses , saying that she will just abandon him again . Homer feels guilty about being angry with her and tries to make up only to learn she has died . She is cremated and , according to her will , Homer is supposed to throw her ashes on a mountain , where they disrupt a missile guidance system which would have devastated the Amazon Rainforest , once again plotted by Burns . Although disappointed that the last thing his mother asked him to do was " another hippie protest " , Homer successfully stops the launch . 
 Josephine and Earps ' friend and actor William Hart both wrote letters to the publisher . Josephine demanded that the error " must be corrected and printed in the same sensational manner " given to the correction as to the original article , which the paper published . 
 Fàbregas joined a team that had won three La Liga titles in a row and two Champions League titles in three years , and one that featured the likes of Lionel Messi , Xavi Hernández , Andrés Iniesta and David Villa . He made his debut in the second leg of the Supercopa de España , coming on as a substitute against Real Madrid . Barcelona won the tie 3 – 2 and 5 – 4 on aggregate . He scored his first goal in a 2 – 0 win against Porto as Barcelona won the 2011 UEFA Super Cup , and his first league goal on his league debut against Villarreal . He went on to score three more league goals in the month of September , including a late equaliser in the 2 – 2 away draw to Valencia . 
 NBN 's local news is presented from the station 's news studios at Mosbri Crescent in Newcastle , by Paul Lobb and Natasha Beyersdorf on weekdays , with Jane Goldsmith on weekends . Mitchell Hughes and Gavin Morris present sport and weather respectively on weekdays , whilst weekend sport is presented by Chris White . 
 = = Style = = 
 Upon the release of Rated R , " Stupid in Love " debuted at number eight on the South Korea Gaon International Chart on December 27 , 2009 . The following week , it peaked at number seven for two consecutive weeks . 
 = = = Surrender of the French van = = = 
 At the end of 2000 , MDOT proposed several highway transfers in Detroit . Some of these involved transferring city streets in the Campus Martius Park area under the department 's jurisdiction to city control ; another part of the proposal involved MDOT assuming control over a section of Fort Street from the then northern terminus of M @-@ 85 to the then southern terminus of M @-@ 3 at Clark Street . When these transfers were completed the following year , M @-@ 3 was severed into two discontinuous segments by the Campus Martius changes , and the southern segment between Clark and Griswold streets was added to an extended M @-@ 85 . 
 The bubble model is superposed on a multiple parallel tissue compartment model . Ingassing is assumed to follow the classic Haldanean model . 
 Napoleon Bonaparte declared war against Venice on 3 May 1797 . The signing of the Treaty of Campo Formio , on 17 October 1797 , marked the dissolution of the Republic of Venice and the sharing of its territories between France and Austria . The lands of the Terraferma up to the River Adige , the city itself and the possessions of the Balkan peninsula of Istria and Dalmatia were yielded to Austria . The Ionian Islands , part of Venetian maritime territories , were ceded to France . Napoleon organized the islands into three departments : Corcyre , Ithaque , and Mer @-@ Égée . The first included the islands of Corfu and Paxos , as well as the former Venetian settlements of Butrint and Parga situated in Epirus . The second department was formed by the islands of Cephalonia , Ithaca and Lefkada and the cities of Preveza and Vonitsa , whereas Zante and Cerigo were part of the third department . The French rule , however , did not last as Russia allied with the Ottoman Empire in September 1798 and in 1799 a Russo @-@ Ottoman naval expedition captured the islands . With the signing of a treaty between Russia and the Porte on 21 March 1800 , an independent island republic under the protection of both the empires was established . The name of the new state was agreed to be the " Septinsular Republic " and included all the territories of the three former French departments except for the continental possessions of Parga , Preveza , Vonitsa and Butrint . With the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807 , the seven islands were given back to France by Russia . In October 1809 , Great Britain took possession of all the islands with the exception of Corfu and Paxos , which was only surrendered in 1814 . In 1815 , the Ionian Islands became a British protectorate under the name United States of the Ionian Islands . 
 = = Further career = = 
 Yellowstone National Park was established in 1872 . By the 1890s , the Yellowstone cutthroat trout fishery in the Yellowstone River and Yellowstone Lake were well known and being promoted in national guidebooks . 
 Yuki Shhimajiri – hair stylist 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 Lord Wardens since the Second World War have included Winston Churchill , Robert Menzies and Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother , but they have made only intermittent use of Walmer Castle . In the 21st century , Walmer Castle is run as a tourist attraction by English Heritage . The interior of the castle displays a range of historical objects and pictures associated with the property and its Lord Wardens , protected since the 19th century by special legislation . The grounds include the Queen Mother 's Garden , designed by Penelope Hobhouse as a 95th birthday gift for Elizabeth in 1997 . 
 As a two @-@ year @-@ old in 2012 , she won three of her five races including the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies and was voted American Champion Two @-@ Year @-@ Old Filly . In the following season she won five of her seven races , including the Breeders ' Cup Distaff . With the Breeders ' Cup win , she became the first horse to win both the Breeders ' Cup Juvenile Fillies and the Distaff in consecutive years , and concluded her three @-@ year old season by being named American Champion Three @-@ Year @-@ Old Filly . After a four @-@ year @-@ old season plagued by injuries and illness , with a single graded stakes win in three attempts , she returned to form as a five @-@ year @-@ old , with multiple stakes wins and becoming the first filly or mare to win the Pacific Classic and was voted American Champion Older Dirt Female Horse . In doing so , she became the first horse since 1976 , male or female , to win Grade 1 stakes races at age 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 . In 2016 , she extended this achievement by winning the Grade 1 Vanity Stakes . 
 Sicilian raids on Italy continued , and prompted the intervention of the Western Emperor , Otto II in the peninsula in 982 , where he was defeated at the Battle of Stilo . It was not until the 1020s that the Byzantines turned their attention to Sicily again , after a period of consolidation of their position in southern Italy under the capable Catepan Basil Boioannes . A large force landed in Messina in 1025 , but the expedition was called off when news came of the death of Emperor Basil II . A final effort was made in 1038 , when the talented young general George Maniakes was dispatched to Sicily , taking advantage of internal conflicts between the Kalbids and the Zirids . Maniakes quickly recaptured the entire eastern coast , but the conquest was left incomplete when he was recalled to Constantinople by jealous rivals . The Kalbids soon recovered their losses , and Messina , the last Byzantine outpost , fell in 1042 . 
 In the 2013 – 14 season , Maribor qualified to the group stages of the Europa League for the third consecutive time after losing to Viktoria Plzeň in the Champions League play @-@ off stage . This time , the team earned seven points and progressed through the group stages for the first time after defeating Wigan Athletic 2 – 1 in the final matchday . In the Round of 32 , they were eliminated by the future competition winner Sevilla with an aggregate score of 4 – 3 . Maribor qualified for the UEFA Champions League group stages for the second time in their history on 26 August 2014 after eliminating Scottish club Celtic with an aggregate score of 2 – 1 in the play @-@ offs . They were drawn into the Group G alongside Chelsea , Schalke 04 and Sporting CP , where they managed to obtain three points in six games after a draw and a defeat against each team . 
 In a parody of the Twilight Zone episode , " Nightmare at 20 @,@ 000 Feet " , after having a nightmare in which he is killed in a bus crash , Bart rides the bus to school one rainy morning . He panics when he sees a gremlin on the side of the bus loosening the lug nuts on one of the wheels . Bart unsuccessfully tries to convince the other passengers of the danger . In desperation , Bart climbs halfway out the window to scare off the gremlin with an emergency flare . The gremlin catches fire and falls from the bus , but is found by Ned Flanders , who decides to adopt the creature . When the bus finally stops , everyone sees the obvious damage , but Bart is still sent away to an insane asylum for the rest of his life for his disruptive behavior . Bart is relieved as he is finally able to rest , but the gremlin appears in the back window of the ambulance , holding Flanders ' decapitated ( yet still living ) head , which makes Bart scream in terror . 
 = = Personnel = = 
 Since her debut in 1990 , Carey 's career was heavily calculated and controlled by her husband and head of her label Sony Music Entertainment , Tommy Mottola . For years , Carey 's albums had consisted of slow and meaningful ballads , devoid of any guest appearances or hip @-@ hop . In January 1995 , as she recorded Daydream , Carey began taking more control over her musical style and genre influences . She enlisted the production skills and rap styles of Ol ' Dirty Bastard , who was featured on the remix of her song " Fantasy " . While Mottola was hesitant at first , Carey 's influence paid off : the song became an international chart topper , with critics calling their joint performance one of the pioneering songs of pop and R & B musical collaborations . 
 As with Butterfly two years earlier , Rainbow became the center of conflict between Carey and her label . After her divorce from Sony record official and Columbia CEO Tommy Mottola , Carey 's working relationship with the label deteriorated . She intended for " Can 't Take That Away ( Mariah 's Theme ) " to be the third single from Rainbow , as it held very personal lyrical content . However , Sony made it clear that they intended the third single should be a more upbeat and urban track . The difference in opinion led to a very public feud , as Carey began posting messages on her webpage in early and mid @-@ 2000 , telling fans inside information on the dispute , as well as instructing them to request " Can 't Take That Away ( Mariah 's Theme ) " on radio stations . One of the messages Carey left on her page read : 
 Former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson was named as Oxford 's new manager , but was unable to prevent relegation to the Second Division . He was sacked three months into the 1988 – 89 Second Division campaign after a dispute with the chairman over the £ 1 million sale of striker Dean Saunders to Derby County ; Derby were owned by Robert Maxwell , father of the then Oxford United chairman , Kevin Maxwell . Following Robert Maxwell 's death in 1991 , his personal estate , including the club , became insolvent . After a long search for a new owner , during which BioMass Recycling Ltd took over the club , Brian Horton was named as Oxford 's new manager . He remained in charge until September 1993 , when he moved to Manchester City in the recently formed FA Premier League . Horton led United to mid @-@ table finishes during his management spell , apart from a 21st @-@ place finish at the end of the 1991 – 92 season . A 2 – 1 win over Tranmere Rovers , and a win for Blackburn Rovers over Plymouth Argyle , meant United survived relegation by two points . Oxford , now in the renamed Football League Division One , briefly restored Maurice Evans as manager , before turning to Bristol City manager Denis Smith . Despite Smith 's efforts , Oxford was relegated to Division Two at the end of the 1993 – 94 season , with just four wins in the last eleven games . 
 1960 @.@  von Neumann , John ( 1998 ) . Continuous geometry . Princeton Landmarks in Mathematics . Princeton University Press . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 691 @-@ 05893 @-@ 1 . MR 0120174 . 
 In 1990 Northern Irish poet Paul Muldoon published his long poem Madoc : a Mystery , inspired by Southey 's work and the events surrounding it . Muldoon 's work takes as its premise the idea that Southey and Coleridge actually came to America to found their ideal state , and offers a multi @-@ layered poetic exploration of what might have happened . It won the 1992 Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize . 
 Certain facilities are equipped to handle TBI better than others ; initial measures include transporting patients to an appropriate treatment center . Both during transport and in hospital the primary concerns are ensuring proper oxygen supply , maintaining adequate blood flow to the brain , and controlling raised intracranial pressure ( ICP ) , since high ICP deprives the brain of badly needed blood flow and can cause deadly brain herniation . Other methods to prevent damage include management of other injuries and prevention of seizures . Some data supports the use of hyperbaric oxygen therapy to improve outcomes . 
 The backfire effect is a name for the finding that , given evidence against their beliefs , people can reject the evidence and believe even more strongly . The phrase was first coined by Brendan Nyhan and Jason Reifler . 
 The traditional embarkation point for pilgrims crossing to Bardsey Island was at Porth Meudwy ( English : Hermit 's Cove ) , now a lobster fishing cove . Further south is Porth y Pistyll , which has good views of Ynysoedd Gwylanod , home to puffin and guillemot colonies ; and Pen y Cil , where the Precambrian pillow lavas are exposed , revealing how they have been contorted over time . 
 = = Education = = 
 = = 20th century = = 
 Freeman came to Australia with his parents and his sister , Eva . Following the death of his father in 1958 , he became a Director of K. H. Freeman Pty Ltd , which continues to operate today . He met Edith Siou in 1964 and they married in 1966 . They have two children , Maeva and Philip . 
 = = = = Bernstein = = = = 
 Several churches that were originally built as Romanesque structures were modified or extended during the Gothic period . Among these are the cathedral of Hamar , now in ruins , the Stavanger Cathedral , and the renowned Nidaros Cathedral , one of the most important pilgrim destinations in medieval Europe . 
 From around 1840 , architects started to design wooden buildings in a new style , the so @-@ called Swiss chalet style . The style and its name originated in Germany , where Swiss popular culture was much admired by the romanticists . Elements such as projecting roofs , verandas and emphasis on gables were inspired from Alpine vernacular buildings . But the style may more correctly be termed historicism in wood , a term introduced by Jens Christian Eldal . A number of residential , institutional , and commercial buildings were built in this style , characterized by ornate , projecting details . Railway stations and churches , designed by trained architects , were distributed all in rural districts and helped to make this style popular and to keep it alive in the vernacular tradition long after it went out of fashion among architects . 
 " Little Things " is a song by English @-@ Irish boy band One Direction from their second studio album , Take Me Home ( 2012 ) . It was released by Syco Music on 3 December 2012 , as the record 's second single . The song was written by Fiona Bevan and Ed Sheeran , and produced by Jake Gosling . Bevan brought the song to Sheeran 's attention while he was in studio with the group in 2012 , resulting in the band recording it . " Little Things " is a mid @-@ tempo pop and folk ballad about the insistence that flaws are what make a person unique . 
 = ANAK Society = 
 = = Name and symbology = = 
 = = = Restoration = = = 
 After World War II , there was only general aviation at Værnes , organized by two clubs , Værnes flyklubb and NTH flyklubb . From 1 August 1946 to 31 July 1947 , there were 1 @,@ 221 take @-@ offs from Værnes , mostly during the summer . During parts of 1946 and 1947 , the airport was used as a pasture for sheep . The first scheduled service was introduced with a Douglas DC @-@ 3 operated to Oslo by DNL during the winter of 19467 – 48 . While there were initially many customers , the lack of sufficient deicing caused low regularity and fewer customers through the season . The route was not reopened the following year . 
 Critics also drew attention to other aspects of the film . Writing for The Sydney Morning Herald , Sandra Hall criticised Wright 's attention to realism for being " careless with the customs and conventions that were part of the fabric of Austen 's world . " In another review , Time Out magazine lamented the absence of Austen 's " brilliant sense of irony " , remarking that the film 's " romantic melodrama 's played up at the expense of her razor @-@ sharp wit . " More positively , Derek Elley of Variety magazine praised Wright and Moggach for " extracting the youthful essence " of the novel while also " providing a richly detailed setting " under Greenwood and Durran 's supervision . Equally pleased with the film was the San Francisco Chronicle 's Ruthe Stein , who wrote that Wright made a " spectacular feature film debut " that is " creatively reimagined and sublimely entertaining " . Claudia Puig of USA Today called it " a stellar adaptation , bewitching the viewer completely and incandescently with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit . " 
 = = Career = = 
 = = Advocate of non @-@ interventionism , 1937 – 41 = = 
 Stephen 's intact dexter , or right hand ( Hungarian : Szent Jobb ) , became the subject of a cult . A cleric named Mercurius stole it , but it was discovered on 30 May 1184 in Bihar County . The theft of sacred relics , or furta sacra , had by that time become a popular topic of saints ' biographies . Bishop Hartvic described the discovery of Stephen 's right hand in accordance with this tradition , referring to adventures and visions . An abbey erected in Bihar County ( now Sâniob , Romania ) was named after and dedicated to the veneration of the Holy Dexter . 
 The Best of Roy of the Rovers : The 1980s ( 208 pages , June 2008 , ISBN 1 @-@ 84576 @-@ 948 @-@ 1 ) 
 Estimates for the cavalry are usually in the 1 @,@ 000 – 3 @,@ 000 range . The Persian cavalry was usually provided by the ethnic Persians , Bactrians , Medes , Cissians , and Saka ; most of these probably fought as lightly armed missile cavalry . The fleet must have had at least some proportion of transport ships , since the cavalry was carried by ship ; whilst Herodotus claims the cavalry was carried in the triremes , this is improbable . Lazenby estimates 30 – 40 transport ships would be required to carry 1 @,@ 000 cavalry . 
 The character of Eugene Tooms has also attracted positive criticism . Author Neil Gaiman listed the character of Eugene Tooms as one of his favourite monsters in a guest column for Entertainment Weekly 's 1000th issue ; whilst UGO Networks listed the character as one of their " Best TV Serial Killers " , describing Hutchison 's acting as " uber @-@ creepy " . Writing for Den of Geek , John Moore listed Eugene Tooms as his " Top 10 X @-@ Files Baddies " , noting that the popularity of both " Squeeze " and " Tooms " proved to be " largely responsible for shifting the emphasis of the show " away from dwelling solely on alien conspiracy @-@ based mythology episodes . 
 = = Character = = 
 Uhrencup ( 1 ) : 2005 – 06 ( shared ) 
 Chapter 2 - Silence 
 When reprinted in The Orphant Annie Book in 1908 , the poem was given an additional , introductory verse ( “ Little Orphant Annie she knows riddles , rhymes and things ! … ” ) . 
 For the 1989 season , Thome was assigned to the Gulf Coast League Indians , a minor league affiliate of the Cleveland Indians . He finished the year with a .237 batting average , no home runs , and 22 runs batted in ( RBIs ) . After his rookie season , he met " hitting guru " Charlie Manuel , who later became his manager and mentor . Unlike most Indians staff , Manuel saw potential in Thome and worked hard with him , particularly on his hip motion while swinging the bat . Thome later said , " [ Manuel ] saw something in me I didn 't . " During this work , Manuel suggested to Thome that he point his bat out to center field before the pitch to relax himself like Roy Hobbs did when batting in the baseball film The Natural . The work paid off ; in 1990 , Thome hit .340 and totaled 16 home runs and 50 RBIs playing at both the Rookie and Class A levels of the minor leagues . Thome spent most of the 1991 season splitting time between Double @-@ A ( Minor League Baseball ) and Triple @-@ A ( Minor League Baseball ) where , in combination , he hit .319 with 7 home runs and 73 RBIs . 
 A letter column , titled Discussions soon appeared , and became a regular feature with the January 1927 issue . Many science fiction readers were isolated in small communities , knowing nobody else who liked the same fiction . Gernsback 's habit of publishing the full address of all his correspondents meant that the letter column allowed fans to correspond with each other directly . Science fiction fandom traces its beginnings to the letter column in Amazing and its competitors , and one historian of the field , author Lester del Rey , has commented that the introduction of this letter column " may have been one of the most important events in the history of science fiction " . 
 The armistice that ended World War I was signed on 11 November 1918 . The next day , all Spruce Production Division logging ended , most construction projects were stopped , and sawmill operations were curtailed . Government machinery and equipment from all over the Northwest was shipped back to Vancouver Barracks , and division personnel were quickly discharged from military service . Over $ 12 million worth of logging equipment , sawmill machinery , and other property was eventually sold in a government auction . 
 = = = Night Becomes Light = = = 
 Released in Autumn 2014 , Night Becomes Light went straight into the Irish top 5 . It was named of the best albums of 2014 by the ' Choice Music Prize ' . The album received the best reviews of an already critically acclaimed career . 
 The Tapas Seven were interviewed by Leicestershire police in England in April 2008 , with the Polícia Judiciária , including Paulo Rebelo , in attendance . The Polícia Judiciária planned the following month to hold a reconstruction in Praia da Luz , using the McCanns and Tapas Seven rather than actors , but it was cancelled when the Tapas Seven declined to participate . The poor relationship between the McCanns and the Portuguese police was evident again that month when , on the day the couple were at the European Parliament in Brussels to promote a monitoring system for missing children , transcripts of their interviews with the Polícia Judiciária were leaked to Spanish television . The national director of the Polícia Judiciária , Alípio Ribeiro , resigned not long after this , citing media pressure from the investigation ; he had publicly said the police had been hasty in naming the McCanns as suspects . 
 The lack of importance placed on military matters in Australian political circles continued for some time , and the size of the Australian military in this time continued to fall , in part due to the emphasis placed upon mounted units in the new command structure . However , following a number of strategic and political " scares " , defence matters slowly began to take on more primacy in the Australian psyche before a review of defence needs was made in 1909 by Field Marshal Lord Kitchener . The result of this review was the realisation of the need to build a credible defence force that could not only defend the nation , but also possibly contribute to the Imperial defence system ( although this later realisation remained little more than a consideration on paper only ) . The review also validated the compulsory military training scheme that was to be introduced in 1910 , which was directly responsible for expanding the Citizens Forces by up to 50 percent in the three years prior to the outbreak of World War I. 
 These components are basically categories of service , which are determined by the level of training obligation and commitment that a member is required to meet . 
 To be eligible to run for the Maryland Senate , a person must be a citizen and be at least 25 years old . They must also have lived in the state for at least one year , and must have lived in the district in which they are to run for at least six months , assuming the district has existed with its current boundaries for at least that long . No elected or appointed official of the United States government , including the military , may serve in the Senate , excluding those serving in the military reserves and National Guard . Similarly , no employees of the state government may serve , except for law enforcement officers , firefighters , and rescue workers . 
 Critics such as James Berardinelli praised Connery 's performance , the femme fatale character of Fiona Volpe and the underwater action sequences , remarking that they were well choreographed and clearly shot . He criticised the length of the scenes , however , and believed they were too long and in need of editing , particularly during the film 's climax . At Rotten Tomatoes , the film received an 86 % " fresh " rating . In 2014 Time Out polled several film critics , directors , actors and stunt actors to list their top action films ; Thunderball was listed at number 73 . 
 Keynes 's personal interest in classical opera and dance led him to support the Royal Opera House at Covent Garden and the Ballet Company at Sadler 's Wells . During the war , as a member of CEMA ( Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts ) , Keynes helped secure government funds to maintain both companies while their venues were shut . Following the war , Keynes was instrumental in establishing the Arts Council of Great Britain and was its founding chairman in 1946 . Unsurprisingly , from the start the two organisations that received the largest grants from the new body were the Royal Opera House and Sadler 's Wells . 
 = Mega Man X ( video game ) = 
 = Mount Hope Bay raids = 
 Honorary degree , University of Wisconsion , 1961 . 
 = = Applications = = 
 Until 1889 , the name " London " officially applied only to the City of London , but since then it has also referred to the County of London and now Greater London . 
 Although there is evidence of scattered Brythonic settlements in the area , the first major settlement was founded by the Romans after the invasion of 43 AD . This lasted only until around 61 , when the Iceni tribe led by Queen Boudica stormed it , burning it to the ground . The next , heavily planned , incarnation of Londinium prospered , and it superseded Colchester as the capital of the Roman province of Britannia in 100 . At its height in the 2nd century , Roman London had a population of around 60 @,@ 000 . 
 The film premiered in Japan on July 23 , 2005 . The Japanese DVD as well as the Universal Media Disc were released on January 25 , 2006 . A limited edition including with a special box , English subtitles and a series of other extras was published on the same date . 
 = = = Draft dodgers and deserters = = = 
 On 1 November 2011 , GMG Radio launched " Smooth Christmas " on the Digital One multiplex , a dedicated station playing only Christmas music with no news or advertisements . It promoted Smooth Radio and broadcast until 27 December 2011 . Smooth Christmas was replaced on a trial basis by Smooth 70s , playing tracks from the 1970s . The station was warmly received by listeners , and in January 2012 GMG Radio confirmed a deal with US syndication firm Premiere Networks to air 1970s editions of the American Top 40 show presented by Casey Kasem , which would be broadcast at weekends . Smooth 70s ' weekday programming included Disco Lunch and Late Night Love Songs . Due to its popularity , Smooth Christmas was relaunched in November 2012 on the Digital One multiplex alongside Smooth 70s . 
 With the fighting at an end , the task of bringing home American soldiers began almost immediately . Iowan was selected for conversion to a troop transport and transferred to the Cruiser and Transport Force , but before she could begin returning troops , Iowan had to undergo conversion from a cargo and animal ship . Though sources do not indicate the specific modifications Iowan underwent , typical conversions for other ships included the installation of berths for troops , and adding greatly expanded cooking and toilet facilities to handle the large numbers of men aboard . Similar modifications on Iowan 's sister ship Minnesotan took three months , but it is not known how long Iowan 's refit took . By the time Iowan had completed her sixth and final trooping voyage on 29 August 1919 , Iowan had carried home 9 @,@ 876 healthy and wounded men . USS Iowan was decommissioned on 22 September 1919 , and returned to American @-@ Hawaiian . 
 " The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise " first aired during episode 22 of the first season of The NBC variety show , Saturday Night Live on May 29 , 1976 . 
 The album reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart , number 137 on the American Billboard 200 , number 85 on the Canadian RPM 100 Albums , and number 24 on the Swedish albums chart . Having sold over 100 @,@ 000 copies of the album in the UK , Echo & they Bunnymen were awarded with a gold disc by the British Phonographic Industry . Of the singles from the album , " The Back of Love " reached number 19 on the UK Singles Chart and " The Cutter " reached number 8 . " The Back of Love " also became the band 's first single to make the Irish Singles Chart when it reached number 24 , while " The Cutter " reached number 10 . The single " Never Stop ( Discotheque ) " reached number 15 on the UK Singles Chart and number 8 on the Irish Singles Chart . 
 Shankar – strings 
 This really resonates with me , [ because ] I was a kid from Oregon , and I came to Hollywood like a lot of people do , and you know , what happens is that we end up on the street ... and if you 're gay , or lesbian , or transgendered — the more " outside " you are , the more screwed you are in a lot of ways ... Seven thousand kids in Los Angeles a year go out on the street , and forty percent of those kids are gay , lesbian , or transgendered . They come out to their parents , and become homeless . [ The charity helps them ] get sent to the right foster care , they can get medical help , food , clothing ... and for whatever reason , I don 't really know why , but gay men have a lot of foundations , I 've played many of them — but the lesbian side of it doesn 't have as much money and / or donors , so we 're excited that this has grown to cover women and women 's affairs . 
 Benjamin Ferguson 's 1905 $ 1 million charitable trust gift to " memorialize events in American History " funded The Fountain , and many other public works in Chicago . As the city attempted to determine a policy for the fund 's use , Taft argued for fountains , allegorical statuary , discreetly placed portrait busts , and the adornment of bridges and park entrances in order to create long @-@ lasting beauty in addition to supporting the style of art he pursued . By September 1905 his name was linked in the press to the fund as a possible deserving recipient of its first commission . During the 1905 – 1906 year he began to place greater emphasis on sculpture in the classes he taught at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago , while simultaneously refining earlier allegorical . 
 Miguel worked on the album for approximately three months . He sought to play a larger creative role than he had on All I Want Is You , and produced most of Kaleidoscope Dream and either wrote or co @-@ wrote every song on the album . He recorded most of the album at Platinum Sound Recording Studios in New York City and MJP Studios in Los Angeles ; the songs " Arch & Point " and " Gravity " were recorded at Gustavo 's Golden Gloves Gymnasium in Los Angeles . He spent almost two years in New York City , which he felt let him explore " the edgy side " of his life and consequently made his sonical approach grittier , saying in an interview for The Village Voice , " I 'm not the ' go to the club and pop bottles ' kind of guy . That 's not my lifestyle . I really like to party , but it 's ... just darker . I 'm looking for the speakeasy on the Lower East Side that has a secret door and a password . " Miguel recorded " Adorn " in 2011 in the bedroom of his Los Angeles apartment , which he used as a makeshift studio at the time . Parts of the album were edited by Miguel and his engineers using Pro Tools . 
 In 1932 , the comedy writer Billy Wells adapted Baron Munchausen for a radio comedy routine starring the comedians Jack Pearl and Cliff Hall . In the routine , Pearl 's Baron would relate his unbelievable experiences in a thick German accent to Hall 's " straight man " character , Charlie . When Charlie had had enough and expressed disbelief , the Baron would invariably retort : " Vass you dere , Sharlie ? " The line became a popular and much @-@ quoted catchphrase , and by early 1933 The Jack Pearl Show was the second most popular series on American radio ( after Eddie Cantor 's program ) . Pearl attempted to adapt his portrayal to film in Meet the Baron in 1933 , playing a modern character mistaken for the Baron , but the film was not a success . Pearl 's popularity gradually declined between 1933 and 1937 , though he attempted to revive the Baron character several times before ending his last radio series in 1951 . 
 At the time of conquest , polities in the northern Yucatán peninsula included Mani , Cehpech and Chakan ; further east along the north coast were Ah Kin Chel , Cupul , and Chikinchel . Ecab , Uaymil , Chetumal all bordered on the Caribbean Sea . Cochuah was also in the eastern half of the peninsula . Tases , Hocaba and Sotuta were all landlocked provinces . Chanputun ( modern Champotón ) was on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico , as was Acalan . In the southern portion of the peninsula , a number of polities occupied the Petén Basin . The Kejache occupied a territory between the Petén lakes and what is now Campeche . The Cholan Maya @-@ speaking Lakandon ( not to be confused with the modern inhabitants of Chiapas by that name ) controlled territory along the tributaries of the Usumacinta River spanning eastern Chiapas and southwestern Petén . The Lakandon had a fierce reputation amongst the Spanish . 
 Following these massacres , the Maya governor of Oxkutzcab , Fernando Kamal , set out with 150 Maya archers to track AjK 'in P 'ol down . The captured Itza captain and his followers were taken back to the Spanish Captain Antonio Méndez de Canzo , interrogated under torture , tried , and executed . These events ended all Spanish attempts to contact the Itza until 1695 . In the 1640s internal strife in Spain distracted the government from attempts to conquer unknown lands ; the Spanish Crown lacked the time , money or interest in such colonial adventures for the next four decades . 
 Under the Macedonian emperors , the city of Constantinople flourished , becoming the largest and wealthiest city in Europe , with a population of approximately 400 @,@ 000 in the 9th and 10th centuries . During this period , the Byzantine Empire employed a strong civil service staffed by competent aristocrats that oversaw the collection of taxes , domestic administration , and foreign policy . The Macedonian emperors also increased the Empire 's wealth by fostering trade with Western Europe , particularly through the sale of silk and metalwork . 
 From December 1588 he was employed repeatedly by the Privy Council to examine witnesses , and in 1590 was charged with interrogating Sir Thomas Fitzherbert . Although his career had begun promisingly , Fuller soon found himself at odds with the authorities due to his religion , and the religion of those he chose to represent . A favoured barrister of Puritans prosecuted based on their faith , Fuller represented John Udall at Croydon assizes , when Udall was charged with having written A Discovery of the Discipline , an allegedly seditious book . The judge instructed the jury to find Udall guilty , and " leave the felony to us " ; Fuller protested so vociferously at this that he was forced out of the court . In 1591 , following the collapse of their case in front of the Court of High Commission , Thomas Cartwright and other Puritan ministers were tried by the Star Chamber ; Fuller provided legal representation . The case was made more complicated when several of the ministers , on 16 July 1591 , " proclaimed Elizabeth deposed , and William Hacket the new messiah and king of Europe " ; this certainly was sedition , and saw the ministers confined to Fleet Prison , along with Fuller for offering to represent them . Cartwright and several other ministers were never convicted , however , which is attributed to " the highly professional resistance of the puritan lawyers [ which ] perhaps owed much to Nicholas Fuller " . Fuller was confined until 15 August . 
 Dorothee Pesch ( born 3 June 1964 ) , popularly known as Doro Pesch or Doro , is a German hard rock singer @-@ songwriter , formerly front @-@ woman of the heavy metal band Warlock . The name Doro has also been associated with the touring band accompanying the singer , whose members have continuously changed in more than twenty years of uninterrupted activity , the most stable presences guaranteed by bassist Nick Douglas and drummer Johnny Dee . 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 The Indiana House of Representatives consists of 100 members elected to two @-@ year terms . The Speaker of the House for the 2015 – 2016 term is Representative Brian C. Bosma . In 2015 , the House of Representatives has a Republican majority of 71 seats , while the Democrats have 29 seats . The House offices are located in the east wing of the second floor of the Indiana Statehouse and the House chambers are on the third floor . 
 The most talked @-@ about applications of these models in recent years have been their use to infer the consequences of increasing greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , primarily carbon dioxide ( see greenhouse gas ) . These models predict an upward trend in the global mean surface temperature , with the most rapid increase in temperature being projected for the higher latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere . 
 Pryce @-@ Jones , John , conductor ( 1991 ) . " Thespis – Ballet in Act 2 " . On Iolanthe ( CD ) . That 's Entertainment Records CDTER2 1188 . 
 = = Sport = = 
 = = Early history = = 
 The Walker brothers also opened an office to begin the work of resettlement to Africa at the time Our Home Colony was published . In his 1908 response to an Oberlin College alumni questionnaire , Weldy listed his occupation as " General Agent " for Our Home Colony and Liberian emigration . 
 = = Release = = 
 A remix of the song was featured in Madonna 's 2003 compilation Remixed & Revisited . Other remixes by Peter Rauhofer , Mount Sims and Above & Beyond were serviced to dance clubs . In 2004 , Madonna released a book entitled Nobody Knows Me which was available exclusively for one month only via Madonna 's official website for $ 24 each . It included 52 pages of rare and unseen shots " commented by an Icon and her angels " . 
 = = = = Initial theatrical run = = = = 
 In the course of the deciphering of the Maya hieroglyphic script , scholars have come to understand that it was a fully functioning writing system in which it was possible to express unambiguously any sentence of the spoken language . The system is of a type best classified as logosyllabic , in which symbols ( glyphs or graphemes ) can be used as either logograms or syllables . The script has a complete syllabary ( although not all possible syllables have yet been identified ) , and a Maya scribe would have been able to write anything phonetically , syllable by syllable , using these symbols . 
 He supports the United States Democratic Party , and supported Bill Bradley , John Kerry and Barack Obama for President of the United States in 2000 , 2004 and 2008 , respectively . Hawke is also an activist for gay rights and in March 2011 , he and his wife released a video supporting same @-@ sex marriage in New York . 
 = = Production = = 
 = = Cultural impact = = 
 = = Contents = = 
 Liège – Bastogne – Liège was established in 1892 and is one of the oldest races on the cycling calendar . Milano – Torino is the only current race to have begun earlier , although it did not exist as a regular event until the 1920s . Liège – Bastogne – Liège was founded as a precursor to a planned Liège – Paris – Liège event , which never came about , but eventually became one of the most important races on the cycling calendar in its own right . The race has come to be seen as one of the cycling Monuments , alongside Milan – San Remo , the Tour of Flanders , Paris – Roubaix and the Giro di Lombardia . Because Liège – Bastogne – Liège is the oldest of the major races on the cycling calendar , it has been given the nickname La Doyenne ( English : The Old Lady ) . It is particularly known as a race where the best one @-@ day riders and the best Grand Tour riders can compete on relatively equal terms . In his book The Monuments , Peter Cossins wrote that Liège – Bastogne – Liège " is generally regarded as the toughest one @-@ day race on the calendar " . Eddy Merckx holds the record for the most victories : he won five times between 1969 and 1975 . 
 On lap 35 , Johnson went to pit road and received four new tires and fuel , allowing Stewart to claim the lead . Debutant Mattias Ekström gained the lead as Stewart went to pit lane . On lap 44 , Hamlin continued to have trouble ; his hood began to cover his windshield under green flag conditions . Johnson soon built a 1 @.@ 58 second lead over second place Ambrose . Hamlin was then given a drive @-@ through penalty for speeding on pit road . On lap 52 , Ambrose made a pit stop because of his team 's three pit stop strategy . 
 = = Track listing = = 
 Although Reagan called Kings Row the film that " made me a star " , he was unable to capitalize on his success because he was ordered to active duty with the U.S. Army at San Francisco two months after its release , and never regained " star " status in motion pictures . In the post @-@ war era , after being separated from almost four years of World War II stateside service with the 1st Motion Picture Unit in December 1945 , Reagan co @-@ starred in such films as , The Voice of the Turtle , John Loves Mary , The Hasty Heart , Bedtime for Bonzo , Cattle Queen of Montana , Tennessee 's Partner , Hellcats of the Navy ( the only film in which he appears with Nancy Reagan ) and the 1964 remake The Killers ( his final film and the only one in which he played a villain ) . Throughout his film career , his mother answered much of his fan mail . 
 Complicating the picture , Reagan suffered an episode of head trauma in July 1989 , five years before his diagnosis . After being thrown from a horse in Mexico , a subdural hematoma was found and surgically treated later in the year . Nancy Reagan , citing what doctors told her , asserts that her husband 's 1989 fall hastened the onset of Alzheimer 's disease , although acute brain injury has not been conclusively proven to accelerate Alzheimer 's or dementia . Reagan 's one @-@ time physician Daniel Ruge has said it is possible , but not certain , that the horse accident affected the course of Reagan 's memory . 
 A baroclinic trough within the westerlies transitioned into a deep low , causing Lisa to accelerate starting on October 7 . Despite winds of 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) at a buoy and an improved appearance on satellite imagery , no strengthening was predicted . By October 8 , convection persisted near the center and banding features developed . Lisa further accelerated , with forward speed reaching over 58 mph ( 93 km / h ) on October 9 . Later that day , a deep low to the west and a strong high pressure system to the east caused Lisa to turn northward . At 1200 UTC on October 9 , Lisa unexpectedly strengthened into a hurricane , simultaneously peaking with winds of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . Later that day , the storm began merging with an extratropical frontal system and eventually became unidentifiable by early on October 10 . 
 NY 86 was established in the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , largely replacing a realigned NY 3 . North of Saranac Lake , NY 86 initially followed modern NY 186 before being rerouted onto its modern alignment . The portion of NY 86 north of Harrietstown was once NY 192 . 
 Philippine Idol held its Performance Night Finale on December 9 , 2006 , at the Araneta Coliseum , which was dubbed The Big 3 at the Big Dome . Each of the three remaining contenders performed three songs , one personally chosen by the contestant , one by the judges and one by Sony BMG Music Philippines . Agoncillo hosted the performance night alone ; he was joined the next night by Heart Evangelista . Each song was performed with Villena 's " mega band " and the San Miguel Philharmonic Orchestra . The next night at the same venue , the star @-@ studded results show was held , headlined by Magdangal , Marcelo , and Nieto together with the rest of the Final 12 . The show also included performances from Cueshé , Aiza Seguerra , the SexBomb Girls , G Toengi , Hajji Alejandro , and Gary Valenciano , as well as resident judges Francis Magalona and Pilita Corrales . Ryan Cayabyab also performed his compositions by joining the finalists through his piano accompaniment . In what can be regarded as the climax of the show , the Final 12 and resident judges Corrales and Cayabyab performed a medley of songs composed by Cayabyab , including an original one which he made with finalist Miguel Mendoza entitled " Here I Am " . 
 = Carly Colón = 
 For the coast from Acapulco to Manzanillo , a tropical storm warning was issued on October 1 . A hurricane watch was issued from Zihuatanejo to Manzanillo on October 2 . It was upgraded to a warning later that day . Also on October 2 , the coast from Manzanillo to San Blas was placed under a tropical storm warning . Meanwhile , the hurricane warning was extended to Cabo Corrientes . On October 3 , the hurricane warning was extended to San Blas and the tropical storm warning was extended to Mazatlán . 
 = = Temples and ascetics = = 
 In an average year , the warmest day is 28 @.@ 4 ° C ( 83 @.@ 1 ° F ) , giving a total of 8 @.@ 9 days of 25 @.@ 1 ° C ( 77 @.@ 2 ° F ) or above . The absolute maximum of 34 @.@ 9 ° C ( 94 @.@ 8 ° F ) was recorded in August 1990 . 
 be it bone @-@ sprain , be it blood @-@ sprain , be it limb @-@ sprain : 
 = = World War II = = 
 q = 
 Rædwald and his son Eorpwald both ruled as pagans before being converted to Christianity . After Eorpwald 's murder in around 627 , the East Angles briefly reverted to heathenism , before Christianity was re @-@ established by Sigeberht . Sigeberht eventually abdicated in favour of his co @-@ ruler Ecgric , after which the East Angles were defeated in battle by the Mercians , led by their king Penda , during which both Ecgric and Sigeberht were slain . The monks at Cnobheresburg were driven out by Penda in 651 and Ecgric 's successor Anna was forced into temporarily exile . In 653 Penda once again attacked East Anglia and at the Battle of Bulcamp , Anna and his son were slain and the East Anglian army was defeated . Æthelhere then became king of the East Angles , possibly ruling jointly with his surviving brother , Æthelwold . During Æthelhere 's brief reign , it is known that Botolph 's monastery at Iken was built . 
 The music hall song " It 's a Long Way to Tipperary " mentions Piccadilly and Leicester Square in its lyrics . It was written in 1912 about an Irishman living in London , but became popular after being adopted by the mostly Irish Connaught Rangers during World War I. 
 = = Naming = = 
 So did my Queen from hence her court remove 
 = = = Reincorporation = = = 
 Because Florida State had received the game 's opening kickoff , Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half . As in the first half , however , the Virginia Tech offense failed to advance the ball in any meaningful fashion . Marcus Vick threw two incompletions and running back Cedric Humes managed a short three @-@ yard dash . Forced to punt the ball away yet again , Virginia Tech set up the game 's critical play . From his 34 @-@ yard line , punter Nic Schmitt kicked the ball 49 yards to the Seminoles ' Willie Reid , who broke through the Virginia Tech special teams punt coverage for an 89 @-@ yard punt @-@ return touchdown . Reid 's return was the first touchdown of the game and the first touchdown in ACC Championship Game history . With 13 : 46 remaining in the third quarter , Florida State had taken a 10 – 3 lead . 
 Dalton 's Bond was a serious one : dark , cold , emotional stern , ruthless , showing little humour , and focused as a killer with little time for fun and indulgence . Dalton 's interpretation of the character came from his " desire to see a darker Bond " , one that was " less of a womaniser , tougher and closer to the darker character Ian Fleming wrote about " . James Chapman also considered Dalton to be closer to Fleming 's Bond than the previous actors , writing that Dalton was " clearly less comfortable ... with the witty asides and one @-@ liners ... so he becomes something closer to the Bond of the books , who rarely develops a sense of humour " . When reviewing Licence to Kill , Iain Johnstone of The Sunday Times disagreed , declaring that " any vestiges of the gentleman spy ... by Ian Fleming " have now gone ; he went on to say that " this character is remarkably close both in deed and action to the eponymous hero of the new Batman film " . 
 The UAW @-@ Dodge 400 was the third scheduled stock car race of the 2008 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series , out of 36 . It was held on March 2 , 2008 , in Las Vegas , Nevada , at Las Vegas Motor Speedway , one of ten intermediate tracks to hold NASCAR races ; the others are Atlanta Motor Speedway , Charlotte Motor Speedway , Chicagoland Speedway , Darlington Raceway , Homestead @-@ Miami Speedway , Kansas Speedway , Kentucky Speedway , New Hampshire Motor Speedway , and Texas Motor Speedway . The standard track at Las Vegas Motor Speedway is a four @-@ turn 1 @.@ 5 @-@ mile ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) oval . Its turns are banked at twenty degrees and both the front stretch ( the location of the finish line ) and the back stretch are banked at nine degrees . 
 Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality . 
 John A. Hanson of Sputnikmusic felt that the greatest hits album was released " at the perfect time " as many of the songs were released a long time ago and " they 've lost the overplayedness , but its [ sic ] soon enough that they still have some sort of relevance " . He concluded for the album , " [ it ] hits you with recognizable hit after recognizable hit , and they are all pretty much as perfect as contemporary R & B @-@ pop gets " . Describing the album as a " masterclass in what happens when a great band comes together " , Yahoo ! Music 's Hattie Collins wrote , " Despite the low @-@ points , this is a Destiny 's Child must have collection of classics from one of R & B 's most significant talents " . A more mixed review came from Fiona Mckinlay from the website musicOMH who felt the album included many " skippable " songs and noted that the material from The Writing 's on the Wall and Survivor were the collection 's best . She felt that the progress in the sound of the band was evident on # 1 's , but offered the opinion , " As far as greatest hits albums go , Destiny 's Child show themselves to be pretty ace , but still not quite the incredible force in R & B " . San Francisco Chronicle 's Aidin Vaziri criticized the songs from Destiny Fulfilled and " Stand Up for Love " and concluded " surveying Destiny 's Child 's entire career on this set ... it 's obvious their hearts slipped away around the same time Beyonce 's solo album sold its first million " . 
 Jim and Pam become engaged , and she ultimately returns from New York to Scranton , where Jim has bought his parents ' house for the two of them . Having avoided jail and only been sentenced to community service , Ryan returns to Dunder Mifflin as a temp . Michael initiates a romance with Holly until she is transferred to the Nashua , New Hampshire branch and the relationship ends . When Andy is made aware of Dwight and Angela 's continued affair , both men leave her . Newly hired Vice President Charles Miner implements a rigid managerial style over the branch that causes Michael to resign in protest . Michael opens the Michael Scott Paper Company , enticing Pam and Ryan to join as salespeople , and though his business model is ultimately unsustainable , Dunder Mifflin 's profits are immediately threatened . In a buyout of the Michael Scott Paper Company , the three are rehired with Pam promoted to sales and Ryan returning as a temp . During the chaos , new receptionist Erin is hired to fill the vacancy originally left by Pam . The season 's finale ends with a cliffhanger ending hinting that Pam might be pregnant . 
 .hack / / frägment is a multiplayer online game based on the fictional MMORPG , The World . It was released only in Japan on November 23 , 2005 and online service ended on January 18 , 2007 , after being extended two months because of its popularity . Famitsu Weekly gave .hack / / frägment a cumulative score of 29 out of 40 over four reviews , much like its reviews of the main series . Designer Hiroshi Matsuyama described the game as a way to see how players would react to online play . The game uses the same game engine as the .hack video game series and thus , its gameplay is identical , with the exception of online mode . Players explore areas and fight monsters in real time . A major difference is that during online play , the action does not pause when the menu is opened . Players may still use the skill " Data Drain " to weaken monsters and collect rare items . The user interface and control scheme are otherwise unchanged . 
 Mumbai has been ranked sixth among top ten global cities on the billionaire count , 48th on the Worldwide Centres of Commerce Index 2008 , seventh in the list of " Top Ten Cities for Billionaires " by Forbes magazine ( April 2008 ) , and first in terms of those billionaires ' average wealth . As of 2008 , the Globalization and World Cities Study Group ( GaWC ) has ranked Mumbai as an " Alpha world city " , third in its categories of Global cities . Mumbai is the third most expensive office market in the world , and was ranked among the fastest cities in the country for business startup in 2009 . 
 In 1960 , he was awarded the Outstanding Civilian Service Medal for his cooperation in the production of The Big Picture television series episode Broken Bridge . 
 During the shoot of the first part of " End of Nights " , Kindler loaned his car for a car chase sequence . A later scene involved having the car shot at by snipers . To prevent damage to the car , the bullet holes were made from visual effects . In " Pavor Nocturnus " , the crew had to make the Sanctuary set ruined in a post @-@ apocalyptic state . Set designer Bridget McGuire made the set look " horrible " overnight , but then had to clean it up for the last scene . They also " completely trashed " the street sets in the studio . " Next Tuesday " was considered a bottle episode as it was largely filmed in one set , a water tank some 14 feet deep and 70 feet long , in a studio . The episode was filmed over five 13 @-@ hour days , not including a two @-@ day break midway through , becoming the fastest time filming a Sanctuary episode . Wood directed the episode from the water rather than dry land . The following episode " Penance " was largely filmed at a constructed city set some three and a half blocks in size , which was previously used in the superhero film Watchmen . 
 I Made It ( 2015 ) 
 Children 's author Alison Uttley ( 1884 – 1976 ) was born at Cromford ; her well @-@ known novel A Traveller in Time , set in Dethick , recounts the Babington Plot to free Mary , Queen of Scots , from imprisonment . Crichton Porteous ( 1901 – 91 ) set several books in specific locations in the Peak ; Toad Hole , Lucky Columbell and Broken River , for example , are set in the Derwent Valley . More recently , Geraldine Brooks 's first novel , Year of Wonders ( 2001 ) , blends fact and fiction to tell the story of the plague village of Eyam , which also inspired Children of Winter by children 's novelist Berlie Doherty ( b . 1943 ) . Doherty has set several other works in the Peak , including Deep Secret , based on the drowning of the villages of Derwent and Ashopton by the Ladybower Reservoir , and Blue John , inspired by the Blue John Cavern at Castleton . 
 'We 'll be in touch , ' Jerry said . We shook hands and he departed . 
 Steinitz was born on May 17 , 1836 , in the Jewish ghetto of Prague ( now capital of the Czech Republic ; then in Bohemia , a part of the Austrian Empire ) . The last of a hardware retailer 's thirteen sons , he learned to play chess at age 12 . He began playing serious chess in his twenties , after leaving Prague in 1857 to study mathematics in Vienna , at the Vienna Polytechnic . Steinitz spent two years at the university . 
 = = Promotion = = 
 In May 1922 , the King toured Belgium and northern France , visiting the First World War cemeteries and memorials being constructed by the Imperial War Graves Commission . The event was described in a poem , The King 's Pilgrimage by Rudyard Kipling . The tour , and one short visit to Italy in 1923 , were the only times George agreed to leave the United Kingdom on official business after the end of the war . 
 1831 saw the success of La Peau de chagrin ( The Wild Ass 's Skin or The Magic Skin ) , a fable @-@ like tale about a despondent young man named Raphaël de Valentin who finds an animal skin which promises great power and wealth . He obtains these things , but loses the ability to manage them . In the end , his health fails and he is consumed by his own confusion . Balzac meant the story to bear witness to the treacherous turns of life , its " serpentine motion " . 
 Andersen biographer Jackie Wullschlager indicates that “ Thumbelina ” was the first of Andersen 's tales to dramatize the sufferings of one who is different , and , as a result of being different , becomes the object of mockery . It was also the first of Andersen 's tales to incorporate the swallow as the symbol of the poetic soul and Andersen ’ s identification with the swallow as a migratory bird whose pattern of life his own traveling days were beginning to resemble . 
 More contemporary reviews of the game were largely positive . In his 2001 collector 's guide Video Game Bible , author Andy Slaven called the game " wildly underrated ( and highly original ) " . In February 2007 , IGN ranked E.V.O. second in its list of the greatest " Prehistoric Games " of all time , stating " [ n ] o other title before or since has so effectively captured the essence of evolutionary theory in videogame form . " The website additionally likened the title to the then @-@ upcoming and highly anticipated Spore by Maxis Games , calling E.V.O. the " original success story " in life @-@ simulation gaming and the standard for which it would be judged . 
 Robert Matthew Van Winkle ( born October 31 , 1967 ) , known by his stage name , Vanilla Ice , is an American rapper , actor and television host . Born in South Dallas , and raised in Texas and South Florida , Ice released his debut album , Hooked , in 1989 on Ichiban Records , before signing a contract with SBK Records , a record label of the EMI Group which released a reformatted version of the album under the title To the Extreme . Ice 's 1990 single " Ice Ice Baby " was the first hip hop single to top the Billboard charts . 
 = = Early life = = 
 Runestone U 140 is in Broby ( location ) , near the Broby bro Runestones and U 150 . The granite fragment is in Ringerike style ( Pr 2 ) . It was discovered by Richard Dybeck among the foundations of a small building . Dybeck searched without success for the remaining parts . Initially , the fragment was moved to a slope near the road between Hagby and Täby church , but in 1930 , it was moved next to the road . It is one of the Jarlabanke Runestones and it mentions a man who travelled abroad ( compare U 136 , above ) . 
 = = Live performances = = 
 = = = New orders = = = 
 Sir Robert Randolph Garran GCMG KC ( 10 February 1867 – 11 January 1957 ) was an Australian lawyer and the first Australian public servant , an early leading expert in Australian constitutional law , the first employee of the Government of Australia and the first Solicitor @-@ General of Australia . Garran spent thirty @-@ one years as permanent head of the Attorney @-@ General 's Department , providing advice to ten different Prime Ministers ( from Barton to Lyons ) . He played a significant behind @-@ the @-@ scenes role in the Australian federation movement , as adviser to Edmund Barton and chair of the Drafting Committee at the 1897 – 1898 Constitutional Convention . 
 be.sick @-@ YOU / INTERR 
 In February 2012 , Sir Terry Farrell 's architectural firm put forward a proposal to convert the power station site into an " urban park " with an option to develop housing at a later date . In this vision , Farrells propose to demolish all but the central boiler hall and chimneys and display the switching equipment from the control rooms in ' pods ' . However , this plan is unlikely to bear fruit due to the Grade 2 listing status of the site . The bid failed to make the shortlist of final bidders considered by the administrators . 
 From 1987 to 1993 , Mathias was a partner at the law firm of Jones , Day , Reavis and Pogue . In 1991 , Mathias was chosen by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board to lead a committee to supervise the operations of First American Bankshares , Inc . Prior to his arrival , First American had been secretly acquired by Bank of Credit and Commerce International , which resulted in a major banking scandal . Mathias was appointed chairman of the board of First American in November 1992 , replacing former U.S. Attorney General Nicholas Katzenbach . He continued as chairman of First American until 1999 . 
 Norton did receive some tokens of recognition for his position . The 1870 U.S. census lists Joshua Norton as 50 years old and residing at 624 Commercial Street ; his occupation was listed as Emporer [ sic ] . It also noted he was insane . Norton also issued his own money to pay for his debts , and it became an accepted local currency in San Francisco . These notes came in denominations between fifty cents and ten dollars ; the few surviving notes are collector 's items . The city of San Francisco also honored Norton . When his uniform began to look shabby , the San Francisco Board of Supervisors bought him a suitably regal replacement . Norton sent a gracious thank you note and issued a " patent of nobility in perpetuity " for each supervisor . 
 Most marshes in the Everglades are dominated by the sedge known as Cladium , or sawgrass in common terminology . The sedge is a three @-@ dimensional v @-@ shaped stalk with upward @-@ pointing teeth . Sawgrass thrives in the slowly moving water , but may die if oxygen is unable to reach its roots and is particularly vulnerable to floods immediately after a fire . Some of the sawgrass can grow up to 6 feet ( 1 @.@ 8 m ) tall , and directly south of Lake Okeechobee it has grown to 10 feet ( 3 @.@ 0 m ) . Farther south , where the peat is not as rich , it typically grows 4 feet ( 1 @.@ 2 m ) tall in patches , as opposed to the prairies of the upper glades . The hydroperiod for the marsh is usually nine months but can last longer . In shorter hydroperiods , marl may form instead of peat . 
 = = = = = Europe = = = = = 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 Structure E3 is a square altar in the middle of the Group E plaza . It faces towards Pyramid E1 . 
 Elephants can move both forwards and backwards , but cannot trot , jump , or gallop . They use only two gaits when moving on land , the walk and a faster gait similar to running . In walking , the legs act as pendulums , with the hips and shoulders rising and falling while the foot is planted on the ground . With no " aerial phase " , the fast gait does not meet all the criteria of running , although the elephant uses its legs much like other running animals , with the hips and shoulders falling and then rising while the feet are on the ground . Fast @-@ moving elephants appear to ' run ' with their front legs , but ' walk ' with their hind legs and can reach a top speed of 18 km / h ( 11 mph ) . At this speed , most other quadrupeds are well into a gallop , even accounting for leg length . Spring @-@ like kinetics could explain the difference between the motion of elephants and other animals . During locomotion , the cushion pads expand and contract , and reduce both the pain and noise that would come from a very heavy animal moving . Elephants are capable swimmers . They have been recorded swimming for up to six hours without touching the bottom , and have travelled as far as 48 km ( 30 mi ) at a stretch and at speeds of up to 2 @.@ 1 km / h ( 1 mph ) . 
 = North & South ( TV serial ) = 
 Henry 's life was depicted in a series of contemporary illustrations sketched and water @-@ coloured by the chronicler Matthew Paris , mostly drawn in the margins of the Chronica majora . Paris first met Henry in 1236 and enjoyed an extended relationship with the King , although Paris disliked many of Henry 's actions and the illustrations are frequently unflattering . Henry was also shown in the poetry of his Italian contemporary Dante , who depicted Henry in the Divine Comedy as an example of a negligent ruler , sitting alone in Purgatory to one side of the other failed kings . It is unclear why he is shown separately from his contemporaries ; possible explanations include that this is a code by Dante to show that England was not part of the Holy Roman Empire , or that it is a favourable comment on Henry himself , highlighting his unusual piety . Unlike many other medieval kings , Henry did not feature significantly in the works of William Shakespeare , and in the modern period he has not been a prominent subject for films , theatre or television , having only a minimal role in modern popular culture . 
 Ocracoke Inlet was Teach 's favourite anchorage . It was a perfect vantage point from which to view ships travelling between the various settlements of northeast Carolina , and it was from there that Teach first spotted the approaching ship of Charles Vane , another English pirate . Several months earlier Vane had rejected the pardon brought by Woodes Rogers and escaped the men @-@ of @-@ war the English captain brought with him to Nassau . He had also been pursued by Teach 's old commander , Benjamin Hornigold , who was by then a pirate hunter . Teach and Vane spent several nights on the southern tip of Ocracoke Island , accompanied by such notorious figures as Israel Hands , Robert Deal and Calico Jack . 
 In Major League Baseball , the two teams with the best record in each league who do not win a division play against each other in the Wild Card Game . This was the second postseason meeting between the Giants and Pirates – the two teams first met in the 1971 NL Championship Series , with the Pirates coming from behind to win three games to one after dropping Game 1 . The Giants ' most recent postseason appearance was in 2012 , when they swept the Detroit Tigers to win the World Series that year . On the other hand , the Pirates were able to advance to the playoffs in the previous season , marking the team 's first postseason appearance in 21 years . They lost three games to two in that year 's NLDS to the St. Louis Cardinals . 
 Island Records and U2 refused to make advance copies of the album available to the press until just a few days before the release date , preferring that fans to listen to the record before reading reviews . The decision came amid rumours of tensions within the band , and journalist David Browne compared it to the Hollywood practice of withholding pre @-@ release copies of films from reviewers whenever they receive poor word @-@ of @-@ mouth press . Achtung Baby was released on 18 November 1991 in the UK and 19 November in the US on compact disc , tape cassette , and vinyl record , with an initial shipment of 1 @.@ 4 million copies . The album was the first release by a major act to use two so @-@ called " eco @-@ friendly " packages — the cardboard Digipak , and the shrinkwrapped jewel case without the long cardboard attachment . Island encouraged record stores to order the jewel case packaging by offering a four @-@ percent discount . 
 When the Dzungar Mongols attempted to spread their territory from what is now Xinjiang into Tibet , the Kangxi Emperor ( r . 1661 – 1722 ) responded to Tibetan pleas for aid with his own expedition to Tibet , occupying Lhasa in 1720 . By 1751 , during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor ( r . 1735 – 1796 ) , a protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison was established in Tibet . As of 1751 , Albert Kolb writes that " Chinese claims to suzerainty over Tibet date from this time . " 
 The episode shows what happens three months later , in August 2008 . Jack and Cooter present their " gay bomb " to the Pentagon , which only works in closed areas , thus useless in combat . However , Cooter accidentally breaks the vial , causing everybody in the room , including Vice @-@ president Dick Cheney , to " feel funny " . Frank emerges from his office after playing Tracy 's game non @-@ stop for three months , not realizing the amount of time that has passed . While in Beijing , Kenneth gets involved with a Chinese woman who wants his kidneys . The last point was said in Mandarin without subtitles , leaving the English @-@ speaking audience unaware of Kenneth 's trouble . 
 shiueh , chuann , chanq , hay , baw ( xuè , chuàn , chàng , hài , bào ) 
 Oxbow ran in the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs as a 25 – 1 long shot , ridden by Stevens , who had been on Oxbow in workouts since the Arkansas Derby , and as Lukas said , had " gotten to know the horse a little better throughout the last two weeks " . Following the scratch of Black Onyx in post position one , Oxbow had the inside number two post in the field of 19 starters and was closest to the rail . His position was further complicated by being next to Revolutionary with jockey Calvin Borel at number three . Between the size of the field and Borel 's well @-@ known preference for riding the rail , Oxbow had to use his speed early to get out front and avoid being pushed into the rail or being hemmed in behind traffic . He broke fifth and was soon close to leader Palace Malice , who ran the second fastest initial quarter- and half @-@ miles in Derby history , a pace described as " suicidal " . Oxbow maintained his position near the front , and at the top of the homestretch passed the tired @-@ out speed horses to lead the race for a sixteenth of a mile . He then faded and finished in sixth place , six lengths behind winner Orb , though his performance was still viewed as " respectable " and " promising " . Oxbow earned a speed figure of 101 , the same as he had in the Rebel , and observers noted that he was the only horse that ran near the front of the pack in the opening half @-@ mile to also finish in the top six ; none of the other horses out front early finished better than twelfth . 
 = = = TV spots = = = 
 In 1991 , the master plan was appealed by the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature to the Ministry of Transport and Communications . The appeal was seconded by the Norwegian Directorate for Nature Management . In the 1991 municipal election , the Socialist Left Party was the only party which was opposed to the fixed link , and they received a large increase in votes , increasing for 7 to 21 percent in Stord . The same year , Dag Hareide in the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature started lobbying up towards national politicians in an attempt to stop the issue in Parliament . High @-@ profile people who were opposed to the project included Per Ståle Lønning , Herborg Kråkevik and Kenneth Sivertsen . 
 = = = Revival under John Lambie = = = 
 Lady Gaga Presents the Monster Ball Tour : At Madison Square Garden is a 2011 concert special which documents the February 21 and 22 , 2011 shows of American pop singer Lady Gaga 's worldwide concert , The Monster Ball Tour . Filmed at Madison Square Garden in Gaga 's hometown of New York City , the two @-@ hour special was directed by the singer 's choreographer Laurieann Gibson and produced by HBO . It was first broadcast on the channel on May 7 , 2011 , a day after Gaga 's last date of The Monster Ball Tour . The special was released on November 21 , 2011 , on DVD and Blu @-@ ray by Media Blasters . 
 All this is by way of introducing the AFL – CIO ’ s position on economic aid to Poland . In formulating this position , our first concern was to consult our friends in Solidarity ... and their views are reflected in the statement unanimously adopted by the AFL – CIO Executive Council : 
 = = = Growth and criticism = = = 
 Unmarked phrase order is subject – object – predicate . While the predicate generally has to remain in clause @-@ final position , the other phrases are free to change order or to wholly disappear . The topic tends to be placed clause @-@ initially , new information rather at the end of the clause . Topic can be overtly marked with bol , which can also mark contrastive focus , overt additive focus ( ' even , also ' ) can be marked with the clitic č , and overt restrictive focus with the clitic l ( ' only ' ) . 
 France hosted the 2007 World Cup , and the two teams met in the tournament quarter @-@ finals . Despite France 's hosting of the tournament , the match was held at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , Wales . The match was won by France 20 – 18 , and involved several controversial decisions by referee Wayne Barnes , who subsequently received death threats from some fans . France scored one try after the sin binning of All Blacks second five @-@ eighth Luke McAlister , and another from a forward pass unseen by the referee . The All Blacks were strongly criticised for not attempting a drop goal in the game 's final minutes . Their performance was analysed by Palmerston North based company Verusco who had analysed 1 @,@ 500 games since 2000 . They discovered that the All Blacks made 57 tackles to France 's 269 , and they had 66 percent possession and 60 percent territory . The playing time , that is time the ball is in play , was the longest of any game Verusco had ever recorded . An ' Independent Review of the 2007 Rugby World Cup Campaign ' , conducted by Russel McVeagh lawyers and SPARC ( Sport and Recreation New Zealand ) , found that Barnes and the touch judges had a significant impact on the result of the match . The report states that " The penalty count was 10 @-@ 2 against the All Blacks , with none awarded in the second half , despite dominance in territory and possession ( which statistically should result in penalties awarded to the dominant side ) . On anyone 's account the referees and touch judges made mistakes which worked against the All Blacks . " Outside New Zealand and France , the focus was on the fact that , as in 1999 , France had pulled off what The Guardian described as another " incredible triumph against the odds . " 
 = = = Superstructure = = = 
 Reviewer James Brubaker states that Wilco " shine [ s ] on a handful of the songs " on Sky Blue Sky , such as the " light , and straightforward " songs . While he calls the album " great traditional rock and folk album at times " , he states that " once you get past the handful of masterful and lovely performances ... the rest of the record comes off at times as dull , and forced . " The allaboutjazz review also had mixed comments . While praising the album as " deceptively insinuating , almost intoxicating to listen to " and noting its " impeccable sound quality , " the reviewer claimed that " Sky Blue Sky becomes the first Wilco album that sounds too careful for its own good . " 
 Runners @-@ up ( 1 ) : 1923 – 24 
 Lombard continued with screwball comedies , next starring in what Swindell calls one of her " wackiest " films , True Confession ( 1937 ) . She played a compulsive liar who wrongly confesses to murder . Lombard loved the script and was excited about the project , which reunited her with John Barrymore and was her final appearance with MacMurray . Her prediction that it " smacked of a surefire success " proved accurate , as critics responded positively and it was popular at the box office . 
 Musical instruments are constructed in a broad array of styles and shapes , using many different materials . Early musical instruments were made from " found objects " such a shells and plant parts . As instruments evolved , so did the selection and quality of materials . Virtually every material in nature has been used by at least one culture to make musical instruments . One plays a musical instrument by interacting with it in some way — for example , by plucking the strings on a string instrument . 
 KQED station manager James Day opened the documentary by reading a statement from California 's then @-@ Attorney General Stanley Mosk : 
 Maximinus issued orders in Autumn 311 forbidding Christians to congregate in cemeteries . After issuing these orders , he was approached by embassies from cities within his domain , demanding he begin a general persecution . Lactantius and Eusebius state that these petitions were not voluntary , but had been made at Maximinus 's behest . Maximinus began persecuting Church leaders before the end of 311 . Peter of Alexandria was beheaded on November 26 , 311 . Lucian of Antioch was executed in Nicomedia on January 7 , 312 . According to Eusebius , many Egyptian bishops suffered the same fate . According to Lactantius , Maximinus ordered confessors to have " their eyes gouged out , their hands cut off , their feet amputated , their noses or ears severed " . Antioch asked Maximinus if it could forbid Christians from living in the city . In response , Maximinus issued a rescript encouraging every city to expel its Christians . This rescript was published in Sardis on April 6 , 312 , and in Tyre by May or June . There are three surviving copies of Maximinus 's rescript , in Tyre , Arycanda ( Aykiriçay , Turkey ) , and Colbasa . They are all essentially identical . To address a complaint from Lycia and Pamphylia about the " detestable pursuits of the atheists [ Christians ] " , Maximinus promised the provincials whatever they wanted — perhaps an exemption from the poll tax . 
 Lieberman Aiden has won awards including the Lemelson – MIT Student Prize and the American Physical Society 's Award for Outstanding Doctoral Thesis Research in Biological Physics . In 2009 , Lieberman Aiden was named as one of 35 top innovators under 35 by Technology Review and in 2011 he was one of the recipients of the Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers . 
 Texas modernized and expanded its system of higher education through the 1960s . The state created a comprehensive plan for higher education , funded in large part by oil revenues , and a central state apparatus designed to manage state institutions more efficiently . These changes helped Texas universities receive federal research funds . 
 Speaking no more the dear Athenian tongue , 
 Along with the loss of their land , local residents discovered that they had been disenfranchised . Now a part of the ACT , they had lost their vote in the New South Wales government , and their numbers were too small to warrant a seat in the new federal parliament . As a result , they had no representation in parliament through which to argue against the provisions of the legislation . 
 Most of the hormones in the anterior pituitary are each part of an axis that is regulated by the hypothalamus . The hypothalamus secretes a number of releasing hormones , often according to a circadian rhythm , into blood vessels that supply the anterior pituitary ; most of these are stimulatory ( thyrotropin @-@ releasing hormone , corticotropin @-@ releasing hormone , gonadotropin @-@ releasing hormone and growth hormone @-@ releasing hormone ) , apart from dopamine , which suppresses prolactin production . In response to the releasing hormone rate , the anterior pituitary produces its hormones ( TSH , ACTH , LH , FSH , GH ) which in turn stimulate effector hormone glands in the body , while prolactin ( PRL ) acts directly on the breast gland . Once the effector glands produce sufficient hormones ( thyroxine , cortisol , estradiol or testosterone and IGF @-@ 1 ) , both the hypothalamus and the pituitary cells sense their abundance and reduce their secretion of stimulating hormones . The hormones of the posterior pituitary are produced in the hypothalamus and are carried by nerve endings to the posterior lobe ; their feedback system is therefore located in the hypothalamus , but damage to the nerve endings would still lead to a deficiency in hormone release . 
 A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic from the west coast of Africa on October 5 . It slowly organized while moving westward and crossed the Lesser Antilles between October 11 and October 12 . The system was classified as Tropical Storm Rafael at 1800 UTC on October 12 , while located about 200 miles ( 320 km ) south @-@ southeast of St. Croix . Though initially disorganized due to wind shear , a subsequent decrease allowed for significant convective activity to develop by October 14 . While moving north @-@ northwestward the following day , Rafael intensified into a hurricane . A cold front moving off the East Coast of the United States caused the system to turn northward and eventually northeastward by October 16 , at which time it peaked with maximum sustained winds of 90 mph ( 150 km / h ) and a barometric pressure of 969 mbar ( 28 @.@ 6 inHg ) . As the cyclone entered a more stable atmosphere and into increasingly cooler seas , Rafael became extratropical by late on October 17 . 
 " Judas " received generally positive reviews from most music critics . The song has a similar sound to Gaga 's previous RedOne @-@ produced tracks , including " Poker Face " , " LoveGame " , " Bad Romance " , and " Alejandro " . It contains three distinct hooks and a house @-@ influenced break down . Gaga explained that the lines spoken during the breakdown talk about her as beyond redemption , regarding the traditional views of what a woman should be . " Judas " initially had a strong sales opening , but was less successful commercially in comparison to Gaga 's previous singles . The song reached the top ten of the charts in most major music markets , and also reached the top of the charts in South Korea . 
 Three weeks later , Weaver published his formal letter of acceptance , calling for all party members to " go forth in the great struggle for human rights " . In a departure from the political traditions of the day , Weaver himself campaigned , making speeches across the South in July and August . As the Greenbackers had the only ticket that included a Southerner , Weaver and Chambers hoped to make inroads in the South . Chambers 's own participation was limited , as before reaching home from the convention , he fell as he exited his train and broke two ribs . He was confined to bed for several weeks and considered withdrawing from the race , but decided against it ; his efforts were limited by his injuries , and his only contribution to the campaign was to publish his newspaper . 
 The epilogue tells of how Raskolnikov is sentenced to eight years of penal servitude in Siberia , where Sonya follows him . Dunya and Razumikhin marry and are left in a happy position by the end of the novel , while Pulkheria , Raskolnikov 's mother , falls ill and dies , unable to cope with her son 's situation . Raskolnikov himself struggles in Siberia . It is only after some time in prison that his redemption and moral regeneration begin under Sonya 's loving influence . 
 Avdotya Romanovna Raskolnikova – Raskolnikov 's dominant and sympathetic sister , called Dunya or Dunechka for short . She initially plans to marry the wealthy , yet smug and self @-@ possessed , Luzhin , to free the family from financial destitution . She has a habit of pacing across the room while thinking . She is followed to Saint Petersburg by the disturbed Svidrigailov , who seeks to win her back through blackmail . She rejects both men in favour of Raskolnikov 's loyal friend , Razumikhin . 
 The episode marked the first appearance of the character Reptar . Reptar was modeled visually to resemble a Tyrannosaurus rex , but his mannerisms and actions were meant to parody that of the fictional monster , Godzilla , who first appeared in the 1954 film Godzilla , released in Japan as Gojira . Though he is portrayed comically , his name was based on a child 's mispronunciation of Velociraptor , a ferocious dinosaur made iconic for its appearance in the Steven Spielberg film Jurassic Park . As noted by W. J. T. Mitchell in his book The Last Dinosaur Book , children generally begin fascination with dinosaurs between ages four and seven , while at other times during pre @-@ school and elementary school . This demographic was the general age of Rugrats ' viewers , and likely the reason behind Reptar 's species . 
 According to Marr , " Phan Dinh Phung 's reply was a classic in savage understatement , utilizing standard formalism in the interest of propaganda , with deft denigration of his opponent " . Phan appealed to Vietnamese nationalist sentiment , recalling his country 's stubborn resistance to Chinese aggression . He cited defensive wars against the Han , Tang , Song , Yuan and Ming dynasties , asking why a country " a thousand times more powerful " could not annex Vietnam . Phan concluded that it was " because the destiny of our country has been willed by Heaven itself " . 
 Farrow Design – cover sleeve designer 
 R.C. Pro @-@ Am has appeared many times on various " best games " lists over the years . A survey conducted by GamePro in 1990 ranked the game as the 10th @-@ best sports video game at that time . Game Informer put the game at number 84 on its " Top 100 Games of All Time " list in August 2001 . Paste magazine placed it as the 8th greatest NES game ever , saying that it is " way more fun than real remote @-@ control cars , which never seemed to be equipped with missile capabilities " . IGN listed the game as the 13th @-@ best NES game of all time , citing its popularity amongst players as well as good sales . Executive Editor Craig Harris said that it was one of the first games to introduce the concept of vehicular combat , inspiring other titles such as Super R.C. Pro @-@ Am , R.C. Pro @-@ Am II , and the Mario Kart series . 1UP.com listed it as the 14th best NES title , citing the game 's good graphics and gameplay elements , though it said that the difficulty level was too high . As with other retrospectives , the website staff listed the game as inspiration for future series such as Super Off Road and Rock n ' Roll Racing . In a look back at Rare as part of the company 's 25th anniversary , GamePro listed R.C. Pro @-@ Am as one of Rare 's best games , calling the release " one of Rare 's finest moments " . The NES version of R.C. Pro @-@ Am is one of the 30 games selected for the upcoming Xbox One compilation Rare Replay . 
 = = = Reviews = = = 
 GameNOW and Electronic Gaming Monthly praised the game 's power @-@ ups , whose strategic element the former enjoyed , and two @-@ player mode . However , GameNOW derided the game 's hip @-@ hop dialogue , and Electronic Gaming Monthly found it repetitive ; the latter also believed that Latisha was an unnecessary addition . Game Informer found the hip @-@ hop theme to be embarrassingly dated , and likened the game to In Living Color and The Fresh Prince of Bel Air . The reviewer also believed that its randomly generated levels necessitated " simple and arbitrary " mission goals . 
 After the war , Belgrade became the capital of the new Kingdom of Serbs , Croats and Slovenes , renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929 . The Kingdom was split into banovinas , and Belgrade , together with Zemun and Pančevo , formed a separate administrative unit . 
 = Laika = 
 Any ball hitting the center field batter 's eye at any height remains in play . 
 = = Typical conditions = = 
 = = = Box office = = = 
 In late August , Seacole was on the route to Cathcart 's Hill for the final assault on Sevastopol on 7 September 1855 . French troops led the storming , but the British were beaten back . By dawn on Sunday 9 September , the city was burning out of control , and it was clear that it had fallen : the Russians retreated to fortifications to the north of the harbour . Later in the day , Seacole fulfilled a bet , and became the first British woman to enter Sevastopol after it fell . Having obtained a pass , she toured the broken town , bearing refreshments and visiting the crowded hospital by the docks , containing thousands of dead and dying Russians . Her foreign appearance led to her being stopped by French looters , but she was rescued by a passing officer . She looted some items from the city , including a church bell , an altar candle , and a three @-@ metre ( 10 ft ) long painting of the Madonna . 
 = = = = Childhood = = = = 
 = = = = Composition of Ramcharitmanas = = = = 
 Goalkeepers often have longer playing careers than field players because they swim far less . 
 In the 1929 general election Labour emerged as the largest party , with 287 seats — but without an overall majority . Once again , MacDonald formed a government dependent on Liberal support . Lansbury joined the new cabinet as First Commissioner of Works , with responsibilities for historic buildings and monuments and for the royal parks . This position was widely regarded as a sinecure ; nevertheless , Lansbury proved an active minister who did much to improve public recreation facilities . His most notable achievement was the Lido on the Serpentine and the Long Water in Hyde Park , according to the historian A. J. P. Taylor " the only thing which keeps the memory of the second Labour government alive " . Lansbury 's duties brought him into frequent contact with the King , who as Ranger of the royal parks insisted on regular consultation . Contrary to expectations the two formed a cordial relationship . 
 On 7 November 2009 , Hayley performed at the Festival of Remembrance , singing We 'll Meet Again , made famous by Dame Vera Lynn during WWII , at the Royal Albert Hall . During the performance , an old recording of Lynn performing the song was played behind on the big screen . Lynn was present , as well as Her Majesty the Queen . 
 Along with Real Madrid , Athletic Bilbao and Osasuna , Barcelona is organised as a registered association . Unlike a limited company , it is not possible to purchase shares in the club , but only membership . The members of Barcelona , called socis , form an assembly of delegates which is the highest governing body of the club . As of 2016 the club has 140 @,@ 000 socis . 
 = = = = Dominion tour = = = = 
 The ship was particularly popular in New Zealand , where crowds flocked to visit her as they had done in 1913 . Jellicoe , too , was popular and he later returned to New Zealand to serve as Governor @-@ General from 1920 to 1924 . The ship stopped off at Fiji and Hawaii before arriving on 8 November in Canada , the final country to be assessed . After returning to the United Kingdom , the battlecruiser was paid off into reserve on 15 March 1920 . New Zealand was regarded as obsolete by the Royal Navy , because her 12 @-@ inch guns were inferior to the 15 @-@ inch ( 381 mm ) guns deployed on the latest generation of battlecruisers . She was sold for scrap on 19 December 1922 to meet the tonnage restrictions set on the British Empire by the Washington Naval Treaty . The New Zealand Government completed paying off the loan used to fund the ship in the 1944 / 45 financial year . 
 The city 's full official name is Stołeczne Królewskie Miasto Kraków , or " Royal Capital City of Kraków " . In English , a person born or living in Kraków is a Cracovian ( Polish : krakowianin ) . 
 Grand Theft Auto III took the gameplay foundation of the first two Grand Theft Auto games and expanded it into a 3D world , and offered an unprecedented variety of minigames and side @-@ missions . The title was a much greater commercial success than its direct precursors , and its influence was profound . As such , Grand Theft Auto III is credited with popularizing this genre , let alone inventing it . Its release is sometimes treated as a revolutionary event in the history of video games , much like the release of Doom nearly a decade earlier . GamePro called it the most important game of all time , and claimed that every genre was influenced to rethink their conventional level design . IGN similarly praised it as one of the top ten most influential games of all time . Subsequent games that follow this formula of driving and shooting in a free @-@ roaming level have been called Grand Theft Auto clones . 
 The mascot was announced by the Organizing Committee during the week of 30 June 2008 . It was a lion named Libi and it made its first appearance in the Czech Republic with Neumannová and Czech Republic prime minister Mirek Topolánek at a meeting that same week . 
 The game begins when Mario enters Bowser 's Castle to rescue Princess Toadstool . During the battle , a giant sword falls from the sky , breaks through the Star Road ( a pathway that helps grant people 's wishes ) , and crashes into Bowser ’ s castle , sending Mario , Princess Toadstool , and Bowser flying in different directions , as well as scattering seven star fragments . Mario makes his way to the Mushroom Kingdom , where the mushroom chancellor insists that Mario recover the Princess and discover the purpose of the giant sword , but once he returns to Bowser 's castle , the giant sword ( who reveals that it can talk ) destroys the bridge , preventing him from entering . Upon returning , Mario encounters Mallow , a " tadpole " who has lost a frog coin to Croco , a local thief . Mario agrees to help him , but when they return to the castle , he finds that the kingdom is overrun by creatures from the Smithy Gang led by an evil robotic blacksmith king named Smithy . He and Mallow enter the castle and are met by the first boss in the game , a giant knife and spring @-@ like creature named Mack . When Mack is defeated , they find a mysterious Star Piece , which Mario takes . 
 Cheek to Cheek debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with 131 @,@ 000 copies sold in its first week according to Nielsen SoundScan , earning Gaga her third consecutive number @-@ one album and the second for Bennett . It also topped the Jazz Albums and Traditional Jazz Albums charts . Bennett beat his own record — previously achieved in 2011 with Duets II — as the oldest living act to earn a number one album in the US . The debut also made Gaga the first female artist in the 2010 decade to have three number @-@ one albums . Along with the Billboard 200 and Jazz Albums , Cheek to Cheek also entered at number four on the Top Digital Albums chart . As of April 17 , 2016 , the album has sold more than 717 @,@ 000 copies in the country , becoming Bennett 's seventh half @-@ million album since Nielsen began tracking data in 1991 , and Gaga 's fifth . It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipment of over 500 @,@ 000 copies . Cheek to Cheek debuted at number three on the Canadian Albums Chart selling 10 @,@ 000 copies per SoundScan . It was certified Platinum by the Music Canada ( MC ) for shipment of 80 @,@ 000 copies of the album . 
 Despite being born into a film family , Mani Ratnam did not develop any interest towards films when he was young . Upon completion of his post graduation in management , he started his career as a consultant . He entered the film industry through the 1983 Kannada film Pallavi Anu Pallavi . The failure of his subsequent films would mean that he was left with little offers . However , his fifth directorial outing , Mouna Ragam ( 1986 ) , established him as a leading filmmaker in Tamil cinema . He followed that with the Godfatheresque Nayagan ( 1987 ) , which is regarded as a cult film over the years . Mani Ratnam is well known for his " Political trilogy " consisting of Roja ( 1992 ) , Bombay ( 1995 ) , and Dil Se .. ( 1998 ) . The commercial and critical success of Roja established him as a leading filmmaker in Indian cinema . 
 = = = Primary and secondary schools = = = 
 = Keith Fahey = 
 From 1955 – 1959 , Garcia finished with losing records in three of five seasons . The 1955 season represented Garcia 's first losing record ( 11 – 13 ) and his first season ERA over 4 @.@ 00 . The 1954 ERA leader finished 1955 with a 4 @.@ 02 ERA . The Indians finished in second place in the AL at 93 – 61 , three games behind the Yankees . Garcia repeated a losing mark on the 1956 season ( 11 – 12 ) , the only time in his career he finished with consecutive losing seasons . He and Wynn were among those who tied for second place in shutouts on the season ( 4 ) behind fellow Indian Herb Score . Cleveland finished 88 – 66 and nine games behind first place , which went to the Yankees again . Lopez was replaced as manager by Kerby Farrell . In spring training before the 1957 season , Farrell observed that the league 's best pitching staff could not carry the team alone . Garcia ended the season 12 – 8 with a 3 @.@ 75 ERA , but the Indians finished sixth in the American League . Their 76 – 77 finish was the club 's first losing record since 1946 . 
 In May 1803 a shipload of captive West Africans , upon surviving the middle passage , were landed by U.S.-paid captors in Savannah by slave ship , to be auctioned off at one of the local slave markets . The ship 's enslaved passengers included a number of Igbo people from what is now Nigeria . The Igbo were known by planters and slavers of the American South for being fiercely independent and resistant to chattel slavery . The group of 75 Igbo slaves were bought by agents of John Couper and Thomas Spalding for forced labor on their plantations in St. Simons Island for $ 100 each . 
 In South Africa , a memorial in Johannesburg commemorates the victims of Katyn , as well as South African and Polish airmen who flew missions from southern Italy to Poland in order to drop supplies over Warsaw during the Warsaw Uprising . 
 99 ( Wayne Gretzky ) was retired by the NHL in February 2000 . 
 The main event was a Handicap match between The Dudley Boyz ( Bubba Ray and D @-@ Von ) and The Undertaker . Undertaker won the match after pinning D @-@ Von following a Tombstone Piledriver . One of the featured matches on the undercard was a Texas Bullrope match for the WWE Championship between John " Bradshaw " Layfield ( JBL ) and champion Eddie Guerrero . JBL won the match and the WWE Championship after touching all four turnbuckles in succession . Guerrero was at first declared the winner , but General Manager Kurt Angle came out and showed that JBL had touched the final turnbuckle before Guerrero . Another primary match on the undercard was Rey Mysterio versus Chavo Guerrero for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship , which Mysterio won with a sunset flip . 
 The Pottsville Formation is the main rock formation in the watershed of Hammersley Fork . The highlands northwest of the Hammersley Fork watershed range from 2 @,@ 000 feet ( 610 m ) to 2 @,@ 200 feet ( 670 m ) and the highest elevation in the watershed is 2 @,@ 365 feet ( 721 m ) above sea level . The elevation range in the watershed is 1 @,@ 374 feet ( 419 m ) . At its mouth , the stream is 54 feet ( 16 @.@ 5 m ) wide . The average basin slope is 16 @.@ 24 degrees . There are numerous gravel bars in the lower reaches of the stream . This width is maintained because deposition in the area is often removed . There is also a headcut in the lower reaches of the stream . At the headcut , it splits three ways for 69 feet ( 21 m ) . A spot on Hammersley Fork near its mouth is the only location in the Kettle Creek watershed that has been channelized . 
 Ellis was born in Freelton , Ontario , to parents Jim and Mary Lou . He has one sister , Erica . He went to Tall Pines School . Moving away from home for his junior career , he attended St. Anne High School . In February 2010 , Ellis was selected as his hometown Hamilton / Burlington area 's 2009 Golden Horseshoe Athlete of the Year , beating out college quarterback Danny Brannagan and marathon runner Reid Coolsaet . 
 = = Human interactions = = 
 At Main Street , Church Street splits into a pair of one @-@ way streets and becomes North and South Division Street . The route follows South Division eastward for two blocks to an intersection with Ellicott Street located one block north of Coca @-@ Cola Field . At the junction , which includes the northern terminus of NY 16 , NY 5 turns northward , rejoining NY 5 westbound one block later at North Division . The route continues on Ellicott for nine blocks to the unidirectional East Tupper Street , where NY 5 westbound separates from the route once more . NY 5 eastbound , however , continues north on Ellicott for an additional block to the one @-@ way Goodell Street . NY 5 heads west on Goodell for two blocks before turning north onto Main Street , rejoining NY 5 westbound at the intersection . 
 During the 2010 season , Florida State senior quarterback Christian Ponder completed 62 @.@ 2 percent of his passes for a total of 2 @,@ 038 yards , and Florida State head coach Jimbo Fisher called him " one of the great Florida State quarterbacks of all time . " Despite this endorsement , Ponder 's participation in the ACC Championship was in doubt because of injured elbow fascia sustained in the Seminoles ' game against Boston College . The issue remained in doubt until the day of the ACC Championship , when coach Fisher announced that sophomore quarterback E. J. Manuel , who had led the Seminoles against Clemson was given the start . 
 = = Background = = 
 Recording for the album began in 2008 , less than a year after the release of Minutes to Midnight ( 2007 ) . As with Minutes to Midnight , Shinoda and Rick Rubin produced the album . Primary recording sessions for A Thousand Suns took place at NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood , Los Angeles , California . In November 2008 , lead singer Chester Bennington said the new record was a concept album ; he said it " sound [ ed ] a little daunting to me , so , I think my confidence level will drop , but when it was presented to us by this friend of ours , we liked the idea . It was an inspiring idea , and it was something we could relate a lot of the things we like to write about to . " 
 Following the departure of Patrick Dempsey 's character , Rhimes was quoted as saying that " ... Meredith and the entire Grey ’ s Anatomy family are about to enter uncharted territory as we head into this new chapter of her life . The possibilities for what may come are endless . " With at least a year left in Pompeo 's contract with the show , viewers are sure to witness some of the most difficult times of Meredith 's life yet . 
 AIT organises the Acharya Habba , an annual 2 days long inter @-@ collegiate cultural festival that is one of the largest in Bangalore and Karnataka . 
 Beginning in the late 1930s , Nazi Germany made increasingly aggressive territorial demands , threatening war if they were not met . It seized Austria and Czechoslovakia in 1938 and 1939 . Hitler made a pact with Joseph Stalin and invaded Poland in September 1939 , launching World War II in Europe . In alliance with Italy and smaller Axis powers , Germany conquered most of Europe by 1940 and threatened Great Britain . Reichskommissariats took control of conquered areas , and a German administration was established in what was left of Poland . Jews and others deemed undesirable were imprisoned , murdered in Nazi concentration camps and extermination camps , or shot . The regime 's racial policies turned genocidal , culminating in the mass murder of Jews and other minorities in the Holocaust . The plan to exterminate the Jews of Europe was formalized in the 1942 Wannsee Conference , replacing the previous policy of forced emigration of Jews from the Reich . 
 After not being able to host the Games in 1944 , Cortina d 'Ampezzo was selected to organise the 1956 Winter Olympics . At the opening ceremonies the final torch bearer , Guido Caroli , entered the Olympic Stadium on ice skates . As he skated around the stadium his skate caught on a cable and he fell , nearly extinguishing the flame . He was able to recover and light the cauldron . These were the first Winter Games to be televised and the first Olympics ever broadcast nationwide , though no television rights would be sold until the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome . The Cortina Games were used to test the feasibility of televising large sporting events . The Soviet Union made its Olympic debut and had an immediate impact , winning more medals than any other nation . Chiharu Igaya won the first Winter Olympics medal for Japan and the continent of Asia , when he placed second in the slalom . 
 = = = Literature = = = 
 Over several verses , Ovid depicts the psychic struggle Myrrha faces between her sexual desire for her father and the social shame she would face for acting thereon . Sleepless , and losing all hope , she attempted suicide ; but was discovered by her nurse , in whom she confided . The nurse tried to make Myrrha suppress the infatuation , but later agreed to help Myrrha into her father 's bed if she promised that she would not again try to kill herself . 
 = = Season @-@ by @-@ season record = = 
 The ideal Cynic would evangelise ; as the watchdog of humanity , they thought it their duty to hound people about the error of their ways . The example of the Cynic 's life ( and the use of the Cynic 's biting satire ) would dig up and expose the pretensions which lay at the root of everyday conventions . 
 The Nile has been the lifeline of its region for much of human history . The fertile floodplain of the Nile gave humans the opportunity to develop a settled agricultural economy and a more sophisticated , centralized society that became a cornerstone in the history of human civilization . Nomadic modern human hunter @-@ gatherers began living in the Nile valley through the end of the Middle Pleistocene some 120 @,@ 000 years ago . By the late Paleolithic period , the arid climate of Northern Africa became increasingly hot and dry , forcing the populations of the area to concentrate along the river region . 
 The actual efficacy of jury consultants may not be very important because the demographic composition of the jury has little effect on the verdict it renders , usually causing only a 5 % – 15 % variance in verdicts . The evidence presented at trial has far more impact on what the verdict will be . As Kressel and Kressel indicate , " when the evidence is strong , nothing else matters much " and even when the evidence is ambiguous , demographic characteristics of jurors are a relatively minor influence . Some researchers argue that a significant improvement in jury selection , however small , may be worthwhile when the stakes are high , like for a defendant accused of a capital crime or a corporation that stands to lose millions of dollars in a civil suit . 
 The third route involved traversing the jungles of the Isthmus of Panama , then departing via the southern coast of Panama . While this cut the length of the sea journey in half , ships to ferry passengers from Panama to San Francisco were not commonplace . As a result , many had to wait months to complete the second half of their journey . To fill this growing need for swift passage from Panama to California , shipbuilding activities increased dramatically . 
 In the winter of 1968 – 1969 , Jens Juncker @-@ Jensen went even further with an excellent exhibition Fotografiet som udtryksmiddel ( Photography as a means of expression ) for which he drew the very best material from the few photographic books of the time , attracting not only professional and amateur photographers but also architects and television producers . It provided a basis for six TV programmes over the following months . There was , however , little real discussion of photography as an art form . 
 In June 1874 , Treasury Secretary William A. Richardson gave private contracts to one John D. Sanborn who in turn collected illegally withheld taxes for fees at inflated commissions . The profits from the commissions were allegedly split with Richardson and Senator Benjamin Butler , while Sanborn claimed these payments were " expenses " . Senator Butler had written a loophole in the law that allowed Sanborn to collect the commissions , but Sanborn would not reveal whom he split the profits with . 
 Jody Rosen of Rolling Stone gave the song four out of five stars , and called it " predictably fizzy " and " fiendishly catchy " . Rosen also said that the " lyric , belted out with bright @-@ sided earnestness by Lea Michele and Cory Monteith , distills the show 's theme : the mystical power of a good tune and a well @-@ choreographed jazz hands routine to turn geeks into gods " . Robert Copsey of Digital Spy wrote , " Max Martin and Shellback chuck the Pinks , Keshas and Katy Perrys into the kitchen sink and add a generous coat of gloss and shimmer ( and Auto @-@ Tune ) to create what is ultimately an audacious , unabashed and , crucially , authentic pop stomper that remains true to what Glee is all about " . Melinda Newman of HitFix liked the song , but said that it could have had " more of an edge " . Newman also said , " For any kid who ’ s ever been bullied or adult who remembers being bullied , it 's a bulls @-@ eye . " Newman wrote that that Michele , who opens the song , had a " classic voice " but it had no " grit " to it , and recommended that Pink cover it . Becky Bain of Idolator said that the song could have been a track for Pink or Avril Lavigne , two common artists who work with Martin . Bain said the song fit in with " Raise Your Glass " , and better yet , Kesha 's " We R Who We R " . Christopher Rosen of Movieline said the song had " total home run potential " , and that it " sounds like a blend of Pink , Katy Perry , Avril Lavigne , early Mandy Moore , and Kidz Bop . And that ’ s a good thing ! " On the point that the song sounds like a cover itself , Rosen asked , " who wants to listen to an original song on a television show that relies on covers unless it sounds like a cover itself ? " 
 The album 's opening track , " Last Rites / Loved to Deth " , consists of two parts . The first part , " Last Rites " , is an instrumental segue featuring a piano intro , a reinterpretation of J.S. Bach 's Toccata and Fugue in D Minor . Mustaine explained that " Loved to Deth " was his " version of a love song " to his girlfriend at the time . The title track was inspired by The Punisher comic book , and tells of a paid serial assassin . The song caused minor media controversy when a man posted an online request to a radio station to play the tune , saying it was " good music to go postal and kill a bunch of people to " . The man was later arrested under suspicion of commencing a potential shooting spree . " The Skull Beneath the Skin " was developed under the working title " Self Destruct " . The song graphically describes a horrendous human torture , while also probing into the occult and black magic . Mustaine pointed that the creation of Vic Rattlehead was explained throughout that track . " Rattlehead " , according to Dave Mustaine , was dedicated to the band 's mascot and their fans . 
 = = Climate and geography = = 
 = California State Route 160 = 
 In November 2007 , a Hyderabad @-@ based company named Goldstone Technologies acquired the film negative rights to 14 Telugu films produced by Vijaya Vauhini Studios , including Mayabazar ( 1957 ) and Gundamma Katha , to release colourised , digitally remastered versions . The remastered and colourised version of Mayabazar , released in January 2010 , was commercially successful but Goldstone Technologies decided not to remaster the remaining 13 films , including Gundamma Katha , saying most of the producers who sold the rights to the negatives to television channels lost control over them . Goldstone further explained that a number of legal issues over ownership and copyright issues arise whenever producers try to do something on their own . 
 Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson , in their book Wanting to Believe : A Critical Guide to The X @-@ Files , Millennium & The Lone Gunmen , were slightly more critical and rated the episode three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half stars out of five . The two criticized the plot — despite calling the action sequences " quite breathless " — noting that " it seems rather funny : an entire team of black ops are sent to a small boat , but Mulder is still able to evade them without their noticing . " Shearman and Pearson , called the episode " Planes , Trains , and Automobiles reinvented as an action movie . " 
 In August 1966 , the Beatles permanently retired from touring and began a three @-@ month holiday from recording . During a return flight to London in November , Paul McCartney had an idea for a song involving an Edwardian era military band that would eventually form the impetus of the Sgt. Pepper concept . Sessions for what was to become the Beatles ' eighth studio album began on 24 November in Abbey Road Studio Two with two compositions inspired from their youth , " Strawberry Fields Forever " and " Penny Lane " , but after pressure from EMI , the songs were released as a double A @-@ side single and were not included on the album . 
 At the 10th Annual Grammy Awards in 1968 , Sgt. Pepper won in the categories of Best Album Cover , Graphic Arts , Best Engineered Recording , Non @-@ Classical and Best Contemporary Album . It also won Album of the Year , the first rock LP to receive this honour . 
 Although Skopje is built on the foot of Mount Vodno , the urban area is mostly flat . It comprises several minor hills , generally covered with woods and parks , such as Gazi Baba hill ( 325 m ) , Zajčev Rid ( 327 m ) , the foothills of Mount Vodno ( the smallest are between 350 and 400 m high ) and the promontory on which Skopje Fortress is built . 
 His family had lived in Ontario for generations . His parents , the Reverend Charles and Gertrude Jolliffe , were missionaries for the Methodist Church of Canada , and were living near what was then known as Luchow , China . He was born at the Canadian Missionary hospital in Luchow , near Chunking on March 2 , 1909 . He was home @-@ schooled in China by his mother until his early teens . When his family returned to Ontario , he attend Rockwood Public School and then went to high school at Guelph Collegiate Institute . He was an undergraduate at the University of Toronto 's Victoria College , the United Church College . He became the head of the Victoria Student Council , and was a member of the Hart House Debates Committee . In 1930 , he won the Maurice Cody scholarship , and then became one of Ontario 's Rhodes Scholars that same year . He attended Oxford University for three years , and was affiliated with its Christ Church College . As a member of Oxford 's Labour Club , he met David Lewis , the club 's leader and a fellow Canadian . Together they fought the Communist Red October club and fascists such as Lord Haw @-@ Haw – William Joyce . Both he and Lewis planned a ' silent ' protest at Joyce 's February 1934 speech at Oxford . They carefully made sure that enough members from the Labour Club attended the meeting , and then in groups of two or three , strategically walked out of the speech , across the creaking wooden floors , effectively blotting out Joyce 's speech . The Blackshirts in the audience then caused riots in the street after the meeting and Jolliffe and Lewis were in the thick of it . 
 Dromaeosaurid fossils have been found across the globe in North America , Europe , Africa , Japan , China , Mongolia , Manchuria , Madagascar , Argentina , and Antarctica , with fossilized teeth giving credence to the possibility that they inhabited Australia as well . They first appeared in the mid @-@ Jurassic Period ( late Bathonian stage , about 167 million years ago ) and survived until the end of the Cretaceous ( Maastrichtian stage , 66 ma ) , existing for over 100 million years , until the Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction event . The presence of dromaeosaurids as early as the Middle Jurassic has been confirmed by the discovery of isolated fossil teeth , though no dromaeosaurid body fossils have been found from this period . 
 Chapkivskyi also described Leontоvych as having a shy personality , saying " He abstained from fame , feared attention and advertisement . " On the other hand , Chapkivskyi claimed that Leontovych 's jealousy , fear of competition , and fear of non @-@ acceptance from the established musical society , caused the music of Leontovych to be little known . 
 = = Collecting = = 
 = = = Conte and Allegri era of success = = = 
 The basidia ( spore @-@ bearing cells ) are ellipsoid to roughly spherical in shape , not or rarely stalked , and typically 15 – 21 µm wide . They contain two to four septa that divide it into compartments ; the septa are most frequently diagonal or vertical . Asexual reproduction in T. mesenterica is carried out through the formation of spores called conidia , which arise from conidiophores — specialized hyphal cells that are morphologically distinct from the somatic hyphae . The conidiophores are densely branched and normally abundant in the hymenium ; young specimens may be entirely conidial . The conidia are roughly spherical , ovoid , or ellipsoid , and about 2 @.@ 0 – 3 @.@ 0 by 2 @.@ 0 – 2 @.@ 5 µm . They may be so numerous that young fruit bodies may be covered in a bright yellow , conidial slime . The spores are broadly ellipsoid to oblong , on average 10 @.@ 0 – 16 @.@ 0 by 6 @.@ 0 – 9 @.@ 5 µm ; they germinate by germ tube or by yeast @-@ like conidia of identical form to the conidia produced on the conidiophores . 
 Valve explained that the focus of Episode One was character development , in particular that of Gordon 's female sidekick and friend Alyx , because she accompanies the player for virtually the entire game . Project lead Robin Walker discussed the reasoning behind this approach in an article announcing the game in the May 2005 issue of PC Gamer UK , saying , " It 's kind of ironic that despite so much of the theme of Half @-@ Life 2 being about other characters and other people , you spent most of the game alone . " Lead writer Marc Laidlaw expanded further on the game 's premise , saying , 
 Discovered in 1995 , the Pyxis globular cluster is a 13 @.@ 3 ± 1 @.@ 3 billion year @-@ old globular cluster situated around 130 @,@ 000 light @-@ years distant from Earth and around 133 @,@ 000 light @-@ years distant from the centre of the Milky Way — a region not previously thought to contain globular clusters . Located in the galactic halo , it was noted to lie on the same plane as the Large Magellanic Cloud and the possibility has been raised that it might be an escaped object from that galaxy . 
 A sequel with the working title Maelstrom was announced in 2014 , and , following delays , is now to be directed by Steven S. DeKnight and produced by Del Toro , for a scheduled release of February 23 , 2018 . 
 The anime television series , Azumanga Daioh : the Animation , was produced by J.C.Staff and aired from the week of April 8 , 2002 until the week of September 30 , 2002 . It was broadcast on TV Tokyo , TV Aichi , TV Osaka , and AT @-@ X in five @-@ minute segments every weekday , then repeated as a 25 @-@ minute compilation that weekend , for a total of 130 five @-@ minute segments collected in 26 episodes . For the compilation episodes , the respective opening and ending themes were " Soramimi Cake " ( 空耳ケーキ , Soramimi Kēki , Cake of Mishearing ) and " Raspberry Heaven " , both performed by Oranges & Lemons . The compilation episodes , which were the only versions to include the title and credits sequences , were released on 6 DVDs in 2003 and 9 Universal Media Discs between 2005 and 2006 by Starchild Records , and a DVD box set of all episodes was released on June 24 , 2009 ; the five @-@ minute segments can be distinguished by their individual titles . 
 Her main armament consisted of a dozen 12 @-@ inch Obukhovskii Pattern 1907 guns mounted in four triple gun turrets distributed the length of the ship . Her secondary armament consisted of twenty 130 mm B7 Pattern 1913 guns mounted in casemates . They were arranged in two groups , six guns per side from the forward turret to the rear funnel and the remaining four were clustered around the rear turret . She was fitted with four 75 @-@ millimeter ( 3 @.@ 0 in ) anti @-@ aircraft guns , one mounted on the roof of each turret . Four 17 @.@ 7 @-@ inch ( 450 mm ) submerged torpedo tubes were carried , two tubes on each broadside abaft the forward magazine . 
 English Heritage took over management of the castle in 1983 , and stripped back 20th @-@ century additions to present it as it might have appeared in 1914 , including demolishing the old signal station tower . The site remains open to visitors and received 5 @,@ 751 visitors in 2010 . The castle is protected under UK law as a grade 2 * listed building and as a scheduled monument . The air station 's former hangars are still used as a recreation centre by Hampshire County Council . 
 " My All " was performed on several live television appearances , as well as most of Carey 's tours following the song 's release . Carey first sang " My All " on The Rosie O 'Donnell Show in November 1997 , and was followed by an interview . The performance featured three female backup singers , and a Latin @-@ influenced percussionist and guitar player . Additionally , Carey performed the song at the 1998 World Music Awards , completing both the original and dance remix as a medley . The performance was via @-@ satellite from Carey 's tour at the time , which was broadcast onto a large screen . At the Blockbuster Entertainment Awards in 1998 , Carey sang the original version of the song , featuring a full orchestra and live backup vocals . 
 Originally called the Long Range Patrol ( LRP ) , the unit was founded in Egypt in June 1940 by Major Ralph A. Bagnold , acting under the direction of General Archibald Wavell . Bagnold was assisted by Captain Patrick Clayton and Captain William Shaw . At first the majority of the men were from New Zealand , but they were soon joined by Southern Rhodesian and British volunteers , whereupon new sub @-@ units were formed and the name was changed to the better @-@ known Long Range Desert Group ( LRDG ) . The LRDG never numbered more than 350 men , all of whom were volunteers . 
 Grant brought in his fellow Scot , Jim Duffy , as his assistant , and managed to lift the side to finish 16th in the league . During the 2007 close season , Grant brought in nine players , however ten players , including Earnshaw , departed and Darren Huckerby caused controversy by criticising the club for selling their best players . When the 2007 – 08 season opened with only two Norwich wins by 9 October 2007 , Peter Grant left the club by " mutual consent " . Jim Duffy took over as caretaker manager for three games , losing them all . On 30 October , former Newcastle United boss Glenn Roeder was confirmed as the new manager . Roeder released a number of players , largely replacing them with inexperienced loan signings . Results improved enormously , lifting the club from five points adrift at the foot of the table to a comfortable mid @-@ table position . 
 New Line Cinema 's Toby Emmerich approached Platinum Dunes producers Michael Bay , Brad Fuller and Andrew Form about remaking Friday the 13th in the same way they restarted the Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise . They agreed and spent over a year obtaining the film rights from Paramount Pictures , New Line , and Crystal Lake Entertainment — the latter run by Friday the 13th creator Sean S. Cunningham . Paramount executives gave Platinum Dunes producers a license to use anything from the original films , including the title . Paramount was given the rights to distribute the film internationally and New Line retained U.S. distribution rights . Fuller and Form said they did not want to make Friday the 13th Part 11 or 12 , but wanted to rework the mythology . They liked elements from the first four films — such as plot points and ways particular characters are killed — and planned to use these in their remake , which they did with Paramount 's approval . Fuller said , " I think there are moments we want to address , like how does the hockey mask happen . It ’ ll happen differently in our movie than in the third one . Where is Jason from , why do these killings happen , and what is Crystal Lake ? " The producers initially expressed an interest in using Tommy Jarvis , a recurring character who first appeared in Friday the 13th : The Final Chapter , but the idea was scrapped . 
 The episode features several guest appearances ; horse race caller Trevor Denman stars as himself , commentating the races in the episode , and voice artist Jim Cummings provides the animal sounds made by Duncan . Randy Bachman and Fred Turner appear as themselves as their rock band Bachman – Turner Overdrive performs at the state fair . " Saddlesore Galactica " was written by Tim Long and directed by Lance Kramer . A number of meta @-@ references are included in the episode , such as the character Comic Book Guy telling the Simpsons that they have owned a horse before in the episode " Lisa 's Pony " . 
 = = Etymology = = 
 = = Official versions = = 
 The applications from Tone intrigued the Directory , which understood that by attacking Ireland they would be striking at the least defensible part of the British Isles . Support for the British government was weakest there and the United Irishmen optimistically claimed to be able to raise an irregular army of as many as 250 @,@ 000 waiting to join the French once they had landed , with the additional attraction that a successful establishment of an Irish Republic would prove an ideological coup for the French Republic . Finally and most significantly , a large expeditionary force in Ireland could provide an ideal springboard for an invasion of Britain , especially in combination with a plan then under development to land 2 @,@ 000 uniformed criminals in Cornwall , who would distract the British Army during the invasion of Ireland and could potentially provide a beachhead for future operations . 
 Westhay Moor supports a nationally outstanding community of terrestrial and aquatic invertebrates . At least 28 nationally notable invertebrate species also occur on the moor . The meadows , ditches , abandoned peat workings and hedgerows provide suitable breeding habitats for a diverse and nationally important breeding bird community . 
 Jim Baen , complaints department ( c . 1973 – 74 ) ; gothics editor ( c . 1974 ) ; sf editor ( c . 1977 – 80 ) 
 S @-@ series — 25 ¢ , 1952 to 1956 . 
 HMS Tiger was a battlecruiser of the Royal Navy and the eleventh ship to bear that name . She was built by John Brown and Company of Clydebank , Scotland , and launched in 1913 . Tiger was the most heavily armoured battlecruiser of the Royal Navy at the start of the First World War , but was not yet ready for service . The ship was assigned to the 1st Battlecruiser Squadron ( 1st BCS ) for the duration of the war and participated in the Battle of Dogger Bank in early 1915 , though she was still shaking down and did not perform well . Tiger next participated in the Battle of Jutland in 1916 , where she was only lightly damaged despite suffering many hits by German shells . Apart from providing distant cover during the Second Battle of Heligoland Bight in 1917 , she spent the rest of the war on uneventful patrols in the North Sea . 
 = = = Present day = = = 
 = = Preparations , impact , and aftermath = = 
 Kamalinee Mukherjee as Chitra . 
 = = Early development = = 
 = Fort Senneville = 
 Once in Ravenna , Helmichis and Rosamund rapidly became estranged . According to Paul , Longinus persuaded Rosamund to get rid of her husband so that he could marry her . To accomplish this , she made him drink a cup full of poison ; before dying , however , Helmichis understood what his wife had done and forced her to drink the cup too , so they both died . According to Wolfram , there may be some historical truth in the account of Longinus ' proposal to Rosamund , as it was possible to achieve Lombard kingship by marrying the queen , but the story of the two lovers ' end is not historical but legendary . The mutual murder as told by Agnellus is given a different interpretation by Joaquin Martinez Pizarro : he sees Helmichis ' last action as a symbol of how the natural hierarchy of sexes is at last restored , after the queen 's actions had unnaturally modified the proper equilibrium . 
 = = Characters and locations = = 
 = Wild Guns = 
 She was rapidly promoted from the ABT Studio Company and joined the full company in May 2005 . She was again quickly promoted into the corps de ballet in March 2006 and then to soloist in August 2010 before finally being named as principal dancer in July 2012 by Kevin McKenzie , the artistic director of ABT . During her time at ABT , she has performed numerous lead roles in classical and contemporary ballet . 
 = = History = = 
 Nepenthes rajah has a very localised distribution , being restricted to Mount Kinabalu and neighbouring Mount Tambuyukon , both located in Kinabalu National Park , Sabah , Malaysian Borneo . Mount Kinabalu is a massive granitic dome structure that is geologically young and formed from the intrusion and uplift of a granitic batholith . At 4095 @.@ 2 m , it is by far the tallest mountain on the island of Borneo and one of the highest peaks in Southeast Asia . The lower slopes of the mountain are mainly composed of sandstone and shale , transformed from marine sand and mud about 35 million years ago . Intrusive ultramafic ( serpentine ) rock was uplifted with the core of the batholith and forms a collar around the mountain . It is on these ultramafic soils that the flora of Mount Kinabalu exhibits the greatest levels of endemicity and many of the area 's rarest species can be found here . 
 He ended the 2005 season on a positive note by winning the gold medal in the 200 m at the World Athletics Final , his first major championship title . His time of 19 @.@ 96 s was his second fastest that year and fourth fastest of any sprinter that season . Although he stated that the quality of the competition and memories of Helsinki had made him nervous beforehand , he went on to beat all three American sprinters he had lost to in the World Championships , becoming the first athlete to beat Gatlin over 200 m that season . It was not only his rival sprinters that would cause future difficulties , however , as Gay 's coach Brauman was indicted for various crimes relating to his time at Barton College and the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville . He had helped athletes gain funds and credits that they were not entitled to . Following Gay 's testimony , the courts ruled that Brauman was guilty and , as a result , Arkansas ' two NCAA titles and all of Gay 's college track times were annulled . None of the athletes were charged with any wrongdoing . Although he was imprisoned for 10 months , Brauman continued to train Gay , periodically updating him with coaching routines and techniques . 
 After unloading her cargo of flour and returning to the United States , West Alsek next sailed on 27 October in convoy to Quiberon and Nantes . West Alsek unloaded her cargo in Nantes from 15 November — four days after the Armistice — to 30 December . Sailing for New York on that date , West Alsek arrived there on 19 January 1919 . She was decommissioning on 27 January and returned to the USSB . 
 = = Civilian career = = 
 = = Reception = = 
 Before the break of dawn on 18 September ( 03 : 45 ) , three Austrian columns attacked Kehl , while another kept Scherb pinned down by the Kinzig . The Austrian principal column , comprising the 38th Regiment , crossed the Kinzig river above the French position and proceeded toward the dykes of the Rhine above ( south of ) Kehl . This placed them between Scherb 's force and Kehl . Using the dykes as protection , and conducted by some peasants familiar with the fortifications , they advanced as far as the horn work on the Upper Rhine and entered a gorge which led them to the outskirts of Kehl . The second column of the 38th Regiment , under command of Major Busch , proceeded via the hamlet of Sundheim toward Kehl , and obtained possession of the village itself , although not the bridge leading to Strasbourg . The third column , which included three companies of Serbians and a division of Hussars , executed a feint on the left bank of the river . One column of reserve , under the command of Franz Pongratz , approached as far as the French earthworks on the banks of the Rhine to support the columns ahead of him ; another , which included a battalion of the 12th Regiment ( Manfredini ) , moved past the hamlet by Neumuhl at 48 ° 34 ′ 12 ″ N 7 ° 50 ′ 38 ″ E toward Kehl . 
 = = = Prohibiting tailgating = = = 
 The ship had one 2 @-@ cylinder horizontal return connecting rod @-@ steam engine made by Humphreys and Tennant driving a single 19 @-@ foot ( 5 @.@ 8 m ) propeller . Five rectangular boilers provided steam to the engine at a working pressure of 30 psi ( 207 kPa ; 2 kgf / cm2 ) . The engine produced a total of 4 @,@ 130 indicated horsepower ( 3 @,@ 080 kW ) which gave Active a maximum speed of 15 knots ( 28 km / h ; 17 mph ) . The ship carried 410 long tons ( 420 t ) of coal , enough to steam 2 @,@ 000 nautical miles ( 3 @,@ 700 km ; 2 @,@ 300 mi ) at 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . 
 Major General Charles Richard Fox proposed during the exhibition that a bronze cast should be made of the statue to serve as a memorial to the exhibition , marking one end of the site of the Crystal Palace with a statue of Prince Albert at the other end . A campaign got underway two years later , in May 1853 , with a variety of the great and the good signing a brochure promoting a scheme to erect the statue somewhere in London . Its supporters included the Duke of Sutherland , Lord Lansdowne , the Earl of Shaftesbury , the sculptor John Henry Foley , the novelist William Makepeace Thackeray , the ceramic manufacturer William Taylor Copeland and the Conservative MP ( and future Prime Minister ) Benjamin Disraeli . The Times was strongly in favour of the project due to the influence of its foreign affairs reporter Henry Reeve , who had known Marochetti since as early as 1839 . The Royal Family also let it be known that they were supporters , with Queen Victoria donating £ 200 and Prince Albert £ 100 . 
 G @-@ Dragon 's contributions to his own music have garnered him praises and criticism alike . Preferring to pen lyrics that " sound like an actual story , " he has been referred to as a " genius singer @-@ songwriter , " though the rapper has expressed being uncomfortable with the label . His effort to create melodies won him praises as one of the best composers of 2008 , with many pop culture critics and industry representatives choosing him as the " musician whose future they anticipate the most . " His rap lyrics have also placed him fourth during a vote for " Most God @-@ like " rapper in Japan . The rapper also topped Forbes listing of " Most Hardworking Idol " , and made into its list " Korea 2030 Power Leaders . " Singer Lee Seung @-@ Cheol also points to G @-@ Dragon as one of the young artists he currently looks forward to . Producer and rapper Cho PD expressed his appreciation for Big Bang , stating how " [ i ] dol singers like Big Bang possess the ability of being musicians , " crediting how " in many ways Big Bang has evolved out of being an idol with the abilities they possess as musicians " and how " G @-@ Dragon can be counted as the main representative for this . " The Korea Music Copyright Association lists at least 147 songs under G @-@ Dragon 's name and in 2015 , G @-@ Dragon 's annual earnings from song royalties was estimated to be over $ 700 @,@ 000 a year . He is the highest paid touring singer @-@ songwriter in Korea , as while as the only performer to be mentioned on a list of South Korean composers earning the most from songwriting royalties in 2012 and the youngest on the list . 
 The repertory system ensured that the comic patter character who performed the role of the sorcerer , John Wellington Wells , would become the ruler of the Queen 's navy as Sir Joseph Porter in H.M.S. Pinafore , then join the army as Major @-@ General Stanley in The Pirates of Penzance , and so on . Similarly , Mrs. Partlet in The Sorcerer transformed into Little Buttercup in Pinafore , then into Ruth , the piratical maid @-@ of @-@ all @-@ work in Pirates . Relatively unknown performers whom Gilbert and Sullivan engaged early in the collaboration would stay with the company for many years , becoming stars of the Victorian stage . These included George Grossmith , the principal comic ; Rutland Barrington , the lyric baritone ; Richard Temple , the bass @-@ baritone ; and Jessie Bond , the mezzo @-@ soprano soubrette . 
 Documentary records indicate that , on January 9 , 1421 , Palla Strozzi , on behalf of the Arte di Calimala , the guild who were responsible for the upkeep of the Baptistry , authorized a " breve et honestissima " ( " small and inconspicuous " ) monument in the Baptistry , but not the chapel requested by Cossa 's will ; present scholarship accepts Strozzi 's assertion that burial within the Baptistry was a considerable honor , perhaps beyond the status of Cossa . After this meeting , there are no extant records from the Calimala regarding the tomb as the bulk of documents from the 1420s have been lost , although the notes of Senatore Carlo Strozzi , who went through the records , are extant . 
 Despite her antipathy towards Loh , Hoe was affected by his death . Her sanity broke ; she started hearing voices and hallucinating , seeing her dead husband . At the end of May she was admitted to the Woodbridge Hospital . There , psychologists diagnosed her condition as schizophrenia and started appropriate treatments . Hoe made a remarkably quick recovery ; by the first week of July , she was discharged . She continued her treatment with the hospital ; follow @-@ up checks showed that she was in a state of remission . Hoe 's attitude towards her mother and other family members began to improve after her stay in the hospital , although she continued to live with Lim and Tan . 
 " Voice of Truth " was written around Hall 's struggles with dyslexia and learning issues as a child . Co @-@ written by Chapman , the track is a pop rock ballad , encouraging listeners to tackle their personal fears and replace them with faith . The song " Who Am I " has been described as a pop rock , adult contemporary and pop country song . The ballad incorporates orchestral sounds and lyrically explains emptiness without Christ . 
 = Interstate 696 = 
 = = = = Reception = = = = 
 Zooropa ( 1993 ) 
 Although the wild population is in decline because of predation by feral animals and habitat loss caused by human agricultural development , the numbers of iguanas have been bolstered as a result of captive @-@ breeding and other conservation programs . Cyclura nubila has been used to study evolution and animal communication , and its captive @-@ breeding program has been a model for other endangered lizards in the Caribbean . 
 = = Geography = = 
 = = = July 2007 = = = 
 The strategic portion of the game divides the campaign map among twenty factions from the period , with a total of twelve being playable . The initial extent of each major faction 's territory , and the factions available , depends on the starting period of the game , Early ( 1087 ) , High ( 1205 ) or Late ( 1321 ) , reflecting the historical state of these factions over time . The factions themselves represent many of the major nations at the time , including the Byzantine Empire , France , England , the Holy Roman Empire and the Turks . Several factions , such as the Golden Horde , emerge during the course of play at their historical time . These factions , together with several other factions appearing at the start of the campaign , are unavailable to the player in the main campaign . Each faction varies in territory , religion and units ; however , factions of the same culture share many of their core units . 
 Meanwhile , the Taleba Bay force , which travelled on Stuart , and came ashore in Tieryo , a ship 's launch and a ship 's whaleboat , was ashore by 03 : 30 on 23 October . They captured a Japanese machine gun position at about 06 : 00 . Two platoons went south where they were engaged by Japanese forces . The Japanese were driven beyond Niubulu Creek , but a heavy Japanese counterattack from the north at 09 : 00 inflicted casualties on the Australians and forced them to withdraw from the area . Gatewood broke radio silence and attempted to contact Arnold on the 108 set , but was unable to reach him . After this , they came under heavy mortar and machine gun fire , which inflicted heavy casualties . Having lost six men killed and ten wounded , with three more posted as missing , the Australians were forced to fall back under pressure from the pursuing Japanese . Lieutenant Clifford Hoskings would later receive the Military Cross for silencing a Japanese machine gun in the ensuing fighting . Faced with being overrun , Gatewood withdrew his force even further , at first back to Taleba Bay , and then to Mud Bay aboard Stuart , arriving on 24 October . 
 = = = Previous squads = = = 
 Following his fight with Vargas , Trinidad moved up in weight – this time to participate in Don King 's middleweight unification tournament featuring IBF champion Bernard Hopkins , WBA champion William Joppy , and WBC champion Keith Holmes . Trinidad was matched with Joppy , whom he defeated by technical knockout in the fifth round of a contest that took place on May 12 , 2001 . Joppy opened the first round on the offensive , but late in the round Trinidad scored a knockdown with a combination of punches that came close to throwing Joppy underneath the ropes . Trinidad subsequently scored a knockdown in the fourth round , during this stage of the competition he was using combinations of left hooks and right punches to the head . In the fifth round Trinidad scored another knockdown , Joppy attempted to continue the fight , but while he was using the ropes to help him stand , the referee stopped the fight . When the contest was over , Trinidad explained his strategy by stating : " I knew he wanted to impose his will , his weight , and I wouldn 't let him do it " . 
 The process of linking interplanetary and planetary magnetic fields , called magnetic reconnection , is common throughout the cosmos . It occurs in Earth 's magnetic field , where it generates magnetic tornadoes as well . The MESSENGER observations show the reconnection rate is ten times higher at Mercury . Mercury 's proximity to the Sun only accounts for about a third of the reconnection rate observed by MESSENGER . 
 Amy Rydell as Christine White : James ' girlfriend in New York . The two successfully audition their way into the Actors Studio . 
 In those in whom the cause is known and prompt treatment is available , the prognosis is good . Even if the cause is unknown , if appropriate preventative medication is available , the prognosis is generally good . If death occurs , it is usually due to either respiratory ( typically asphyxia ) or cardiovascular causes ( shock ) , with 0 @.@ 7 – 20 % of cases causing death . There have been cases of death occurring within minutes . Outcomes in those with exercise @-@ induced anaphylaxis are typically good , with fewer and less severe episodes as people get older . 
 Caroline Street is mentioned in Jimmy Buffett 's song " Woman Goin ' Crazy on Caroline Street " from his 1976 album Havana Daydreamin ' . 
 = = History = = 
 Both Rachel and Janet are Detective Constables in the Major Incident Team of the Manchester Metropolitan Police Service , with the team headed by DCI Gill Murray ( Amelia Bullmore ) , who is loosely based on Diane Taylor . Producers were undecided on what age DCI Murray would be , but had originally pictured an actress older than Bullmore . After auditioning , Bullmore returned a month later , intent on playing Murray " tough " , however , when meeting casting director Beverley Keogh in the toilets beforehand , Bullmore recounted that Keogh said to her : " That 's not what we 've got you back for . We were interested in seeing a warmer side " . 
 The following year Lie purchased publishing rights to the Malay @-@ language newspaper Pembrita Betawi , based in Batavia and edited by W. Meulenhoff , for 1 @,@ 000 gulden . He again borrowed from his friends . From mid @-@ 1886 , Lie 's publishing house ( which he had moved to Batavia ) was credited as the newspaper 's printer . While busy with the press , he wrote or contributed to four books . Two were pieces of nonfiction , one a collection of Chinese prophecies and the last outlined lease laws . The third was a partial translation of the One Thousand and One Nights , a collection already popular with Malay audiences . The last was his first novel , Tjhit Liap Seng . Following a group of educated persons in mainland China , Tjhit Liap Seng is credited as the first Chinese Malay novel . 
 " The Making of Rock Steady " documentary 
 Carey has spent 79 weeks at the number @-@ one position on Billboard Hot 100 , the greatest number for any artist in US chart history . On that same chart , she has accumulated 18 number @-@ one singles , the most for any solo artist ( and second after The Beatles ) . Carey has also had three songs debut at the top of the Hot 100 chart . In 1994 , Carey released her holiday album Merry Christmas has sold over 15 million copies worldwide , and is the best @-@ selling Christmas album of all time . It also produced the successful single " All I Want for Christmas Is You " , which became the only holiday song and ringtone to reach multi @-@ platinum status in the US . In Japan , Number 1 's has sold over 3 @,@ 250 @,@ 000 copies and is the best @-@ selling album of all time in Japan by a non @-@ Asian artist . Her hit single " One Sweet Day " , which featured Boyz II Men , spent sixteen consecutive weeks at the top of Billboard 's Hot 100 chart in 1996 , setting the record for the most weeks atop the Hot 100 chart in history . After Carey 's success in Asia with Merry Christmas , Billboard estimated Carey as the all @-@ time best @-@ selling international artist in Japan . In 2008 , Billboard listed " We Belong Together " ninth on The Billboard Hot 100 All @-@ Time Top Songs and second on Top Billboard Hot 100 R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs . The song was also declared the most popular song of the 2000s decade by Billboard . In 2009 , Carey 's cover of Foreigner 's song " I Want to Know What Love Is " became the longest @-@ running number @-@ one song in Brazilian singles chart history , spending 27 consecutive weeks at number @-@ one . Additionally , Carey has had three songs debut at number @-@ one on the Billboard Hot 100 : " Fantasy " , " One Sweet Day " and " Honey " , making her the artist with the most number @-@ one debuts in the chart 's 52 @-@ year history . Also , she is the first female artist to debut at number 1 in the U.S. with " Fantasy " . In 2010 , Carey 's 13th album and second Christmas album , Merry Christmas II You , debuted at No.1 on the R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Albums chart , making it only the second Christmas album to top that chart . On November 19 , 2010 , Billboard magazine named Carey in their " Top 50 R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years " chart at number four . In 2012 , Carey was ranked second on VH1 's list of the " 100 Greatest Women in Music " . Billboard magazine ranks her at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 All @-@ Time Top Artists , making Carey the second most successful female artist in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 chart . In August 2015 , Carey was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . 
 = a . Define the general sum recursively by a + ( b + ) = 
 In early 2011 , Christian Svensson at Capcom stated that there were no plans at the time to release Ace Attorney Investigations 2 in regions outside Japan , due to higher localization costs than estimated returns ; however , according to Eshiro , the main reason for the lack of a localization was scheduling , as all the staff working on the game had disbanded and moved to different teams after finishing the game , and were unable to work on a localization . Svensson said that there was a possibility of a release on another platform , and that he would discuss ways for it to happen with Capcom 's strategy and R & D teams . In December 2011 , Capcom was still discussing internally how to address the Ace Attorney audience , with Svensson saying that there is potential to release Ace Attorney Investigations 2 as a downloadable digital title . The game 's potential English release was still discussed internally at Capcom in March 2012 , but in January 2013 , Svensson said that while Ace Attorney Investigations 2 still was talked about at Capcom , all their Ace Attorney resources , especially ones related to localization , were focused on Phoenix Wright : Ace Attorney − Dual Destinies . 
 In southern Nova Scotia , Edouard produced heavy rainfall from 3 @.@ 7 to 5 @.@ 5 inches ( 95 to 140 mm ) . Winds were moderate , peaking at 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) in Cape Breton Highlands . The hurricane also caused beach erosion on southeastern Nova Scotia . 
 Ants identify kin and nestmates through their scent , which comes from hydrocarbon @-@ laced secretions that coat their exoskeletons . If an ant is separated from its original colony , it will eventually lose the colony scent . Any ant that enters a colony without a matching scent will be attacked . Also , the reason why two separate colonies of ants will attack each other even if they are of the same species is because the genes responsible for pheromone production are different between them . The Argentine ant , however , does not have this characteristic , due to lack of genetic diversity , and has become a global pest because of it . 
 = HMS Indomitable ( 1907 ) = 
 These earlier works were followed after the Second World War by the publication of Comparative Anatomy and Physiology of the Larynx ( 1949 ) . This work was a condensed and updated version of Negus 's original 1929 work on the larynx . It was in this post @-@ war period that Negus would increasingly study the function of the nose , both as the organ for the sense of smell ( olfaction ) and the role of the nose in respiration . This was prompted by wartime damage in 1941 to the Royal College of Surgeons ' Hunterian Museum , which included the loss of parts of the Onodi Collection . This collection had contained specimens of the accessory sinuses ( paranasal sinuses ) prepared by the Hungarian laryngologist Adolf Onodi ( 1857 – 1919 ) and demonstrated by him in 1900 . Negus undertook to replace the destroyed and damaged specimens and to extend the collection with animal specimens . This work was covered in Negus 's Hunterian Lecture , delivered on 20 May 1954 at the Royal College of Surgeons under the title " Introduction to the Comparative Anatomy of the Nose and Paranasal Sinuses " . This was followed four years later by the publication of Comparative Anatomy and Physiology of the Nose and Paranasal Sinuses ( 1958 ) . Much of this later work was carried out after retirement in 1952 , both at the laboratories of the Royal College of Surgeons and at the Ferens Institute of Otolaryngology at the Middlesex Hospital . Negus 's research over many years on these topics and their relation to nose and throat surgery led to the awarding of the 1954 Lister Medal . This was presented the following year when Negus delivered the Lister Oration on 5 April 1955 at the Royal College of Surgeons . The oration was titled " The Comparative Anatomy and Physiology of the Respiratory Tract in Relation to Clinical Problems " . Ten years later , towards the end of his life , Negus published The Biology of Respiration ( 1965 ) . 
 Most Career Safeties — tied ( 2 ) 
 Another idea from which the episode was crafted was the fictional " tween wave " genre : initially , the episode would have found the genre enjoyed by all citizens of the town of South Park , not just a younger audience . By Sunday , completed animated shots were being edited together and set to the song " Landslide " by Fleetwood Mac . The song 's use in the episode was unsure until Tuesday night , when they eventually received clearance to use it . Parker noted later that they had backup songs to use if necessary , but none fit as well as " Landslide " . They were very satisfied with the ending , feeling it provided a very emotional conclusion to the show . In addition , the episodes contains what Parker describes in the commentary as " our favorite thing of any South Park ever " : the Duck President , who communicates by spraying feces from his mouth . " Every time in the retake room when Duck President was on , shitting , quacking and shitting , we just thought it was the greatest thing ever , " he remarked . 
 In Romanian historiography , Glad is presented as one of the three local " voivodes " who ruled territories inhabited by Romanians at the time of the Hungarian Conquest . Madgearu and Pop list almost a dozen place @-@ names from the Banat and its wider region which suggest that settlements were named after Glad . For instance , a village named Cladova ( formerly Galadua ) and a monastery named Galad were first mentioned in 1308 and 1333 , respectively , and an Ottoman document from 1579 referred to two villages named Gladeš and a settlement named Kladova . Silviu Oța writes that the theory of a connection between Glad and the name of those settlements is " considerably weak " , because neither the origins nor the chronology of those place names have so far been thoroughly studied . Oţa also says , " the historical geography of the Banat is reflected quite accurately in the chronicle " , which suggests that Anonymus knew the geographical features of the region , but does not prove that Glad was a real person . According to Györffy and other historians , Anonymus who invented all local rulers in the Gesta named Glad after the village where the monastery was built . Deletant , Macartney and other scholars also say that Anonymus seems to have borrowed many episodes of his narrative of Glad ( including his connection with Vidin ) from the story of his alleged descendant , Ahtum , in the Long Life of Saint Gerard . 
 The painting following this text section shows a man on the stairs of a house and two men on a boat just outside the house . The illustration matching the scene described in the text is now the fifth painting of the Hachisuka scroll . 
 Following the walls from south to north , the Golden Gate ( Greek : Χρυσεία Πύλη , Chryseia Pylē ; Latin : Porta Aurea ; Turkish : Altınkapı or Yaldızlıkapı ) , is the first gate to be encountered . It was the main ceremonial entrance into the capital , used especially for the occasions of a triumphal entry of an emperor into the capital on the occasion of military victories or other state occasions such as coronations . On rare occasions , as a mark of honor , the entry through the gate was allowed to non @-@ imperial visitors : papal legates ( in 519 and 868 ) and , in 710 , to Pope Constantine . The Gate was used for triumphal entries until the Komnenian period ; thereafter , the only such occasion was the entry of Michael VIII Palaiologos into the city on 15 August 1261 , after its reconquest from the Latins . With the progressive decline in Byzantium 's military fortunes , the gates were walled up and reduced in size in the later Palaiologan period , and the complex converted into a citadel and refuge . The Golden Gate was emulated elsewhere , with several cities naming their principal entrance thus , for instance Thessaloniki ( also known as the Vardar Gate ) or Antioch ( the Gate of Daphne ) , as well as the Kievan Rus ' , who built monumental " Golden Gates " at Kiev and Vladimir . The entrance to San Francisco Bay in California was similarly named the Golden Gate in the middle of the nineteenth century , in a distant historical tribute to Byzantium . 
 = = = Early student life = = = 
 The 1936 season was fairly active , with 20 tropical cyclones including 3 tropical depressions . Seven storms became hurricanes , of which one became a major hurricane . In addition , the season was unusual in the fact that no storms moved across large portions of the Caribbean Sea . Seven storms , including three hurricanes , struck the United States . The season also set many records for the earliest date for a numbered storm , though all were surpassed by the extreme activity of the 2005 season . 
 = = = Supplemental episodes = = = 
 His health had always been poor , but a stage accident in 1916 weakened Formby 's lungs , and he suffered increasingly for the next few years , reducing his ability to perform . Tuberculosis and influenza — the latter contracted in the pandemic of 1918 — weakened his constitution further , and he died of pulmonary tuberculosis in 1921 at the age of 45 . Formby 's act , and one of his costumes and canes , inspired Charlie Chaplin in the formation of his character the Tramp . Formby 's son also used parts of his father 's act when starting his stage career and , once established , also changed his name to George Formby ; Formby Jnr went on to become the top British male star in box office takings between 1937 and 1943 . 
 Tischendorf , Constantin von ( 1867 ) . Novum Testamentum Vaticanum . Lipsiae : Giesecke & Devrient . 
 Not all cities have a distinct urban heat island . Mitigation of the urban heat island effect can be accomplished through the use of green roofs and the use of lighter @-@ colored surfaces in urban areas , which reflect more sunlight and absorb less heat . 
 In 1932 , the Tigers were revived as a charter franchise of a reformed , minor @-@ professional , Western Canada Hockey League . They opened the season with a 1 – 0 defeat in Edmonton on December 7 , 1932 in what was the first professional game for either city in six years , while a near capacity crowd of 4 @,@ 100 fans witnessed a 7 – 0 victory by the Tigers over the Eskimos two nights later in Calgary . The Tigers finished the season in first place with on the strength of giving up the fewest goals against during the season , but struggled to attract fans . Attendance declined throughout the season to a low of just 560 for their victory over Saskatoon in early March that clinched the league 's top record . Overall , the team averaged 2 @,@ 270 fans per game . Having earned a bye to the championship series , the Tigers faced the Eskimos in a best @-@ of @-@ five series marred by poor ice caused unseasonably warm weather in both cities . Following a 1 – 1 tie in the first game at Calgary , the league ordered the remaining games of the series be played in Edmonton due to the poor condition of the ice surface . The second game was also tied at 1 after bad ice in Edmonton forced it to be ended early . Two victories for the Eskimos pushed Calgary to the brink of elimination before the Tigers rebounded with a 5 – 1 victory in the fifth game . The ties earlier in the series forced the teams to a sixth game that also went to overtime tied at 1 before the Eskimos scored to win the championship after four minutes of an extra period . 
 Isaac Hayes – keyboards , piano 
 Williams declared his intention to stand for election on 15 May 1860 , one day after Müller . In his written submission to Convocation , he emphasised his suitability for appointment in the light of Boden 's missionary wishes . After giving details of his life and career , particularly his experience in Sanskrit obtained at Haileybury , he stated that for the past 14 years " the one idea of my life has been to make myself thoroughly conversant with Sanskrit , and by every means in my power to facilitate the study of its literature . " He assured voters that , if elected , " my utmost energies shall be devoted to the one object which its Founder had in view ; — namely ' The promotion of a more general and critical knowledge of the Sanskrit language , as a means of enabling Englishmen to proceed in the conversion of the natives of India to the Christian religion . ' " Unlike Müller , he regarded the study of Sanskrit " as chiefly a means to the missionary conversion of the Hindus rather than as an end in itself " , as Dowling puts it . In this way , Dowling says , he could attempt to deflect attention from his " modest abilities in classical Sanskrit " when compared to Müller 's " internationally acknowledged achievements " . Moreover , the appeal to Boden 's original intentions came during a period when Convocation tended to pay little attention to the expressed wishes of benefactors . 
 The proportions were chosen arbitrarily in all but the last four pieces in the cycle : sonatas XIII and XVI use symmetrical proportions , and sonatas XIV and XV share the 2 , 2 , 3 , 3 proportion . This symmetry , and the adherence of all four sonatas to the ten @-@ bar unit , were explained by Cage as an expression of tranquility . The complexity of proportions prompted Cage to use asymmetric musical phrases and somewhat frequent changes of time signature to achieve both microscopic and macroscopic correlation . For example , unit length of 8 ½ in the first section of Sonata III is achieved by using six bars in 2 / 2 time and two in 5 / 4 ( rather than eight bars in 2 / 2 and one in 1 / 2 ) . In many sonatas the microstructure — how the melodic lines are constructed — deviates slightly from the pre @-@ defined proportion . 
 In 1461 , England was in the sixth year of the Wars of the Roses , a series of civil wars between the Houses of York and Lancaster over the English throne . The Lancastrians backed the reigning King of England , Henry VI , an indecisive man who had bouts of madness . The leader of the Yorkists was initially Richard , Duke of York , who resented the dominance of a small number of aristocrats favoured by the king , principally his close relatives the Beaufort family . Fuelled by rivalries between influential supporters of both factions , York 's attempts to displace Henry 's favourites from power escalated into a full @-@ blown conflict . After capturing Henry at the Battle of Northampton in 1460 , the duke , who was of royal blood , issued his own claim to the throne . Even York 's closest supporters among the nobility were reluctant to usurp an established royal lineage ; instead , the nobles passed by a majority vote the Act of Accord , which ruled that the duke and his heirs would succeed the throne upon Henry 's death . 
 In March 2009 Super Cassettes Industries ( T @-@ Series ) , the music company which holds the song 's copyright for India , received nearly $ 200 @,@ 000 from the governing Indian National Congress party for its use in its national campaign in 2009 Indian General Elections . Harindra Singh , vice @-@ chairman and managing director of the advertising firm Percept , told BBC that : " The tune of the song and the Jai Ho phrase have been used in the campaign . The lyrics have been written by a combination of people , they will be projecting what the Congress wishes to communicate " . " Popular Bollywood numbers " are often " re @-@ jigged " by political parties in India to " convey their message to voters " , but this is the first time that a party has ever bought exclusive rights to use a song for political promotion . The version used in the campaign features altered lyrics sung by Sukhwinder Singh , who performed on the original song . A video was also shot for this version . Rahman refused to comment on " Jai Ho " being used for the campaigns , but stated that the song " belongs to everyone " . " Jai Ho " was performed by Ravi K Tripathi , a Lucknow @-@ based singer , at the closing ceremony of 16th Asian Games on 27 November 2010 . 
 = The Wiggles Pty Ltd = 
 In 1998 , the historic status of the barges was a concern for the Port Authority of Bridgeport Harbor , as the sunken ships interfered with a billion @-@ dollar redevelopment project . Over the years , the barges had deteriorated so that an operation to salvage them would likely result in them breaking apart . No action had been taken by 2003 , but a report noted that prior to any activity of the Priscilla Dailey , the Federal Transit Administration and / or the City of Bridgeport would document the barge with photos and a technical description . Specifics regarding the documentation based on the activity would be archived at the State Historic Preservation Office and the Mystic Seaport Museum . 
 = = Service history = = 
 = = First term as Prime Minister ; opposition leader = = 
 The Sussex Spaniel is a breed of dog developed in Sussex in southern England . It is a low , compact spaniel and is similar in appearance to the Clumber Spaniel . They can be slow paced , but can have a clownish and energetic temperament . They suffer from health conditions common to spaniels and some large dogs , as well as a specific range of heart conditions and spinal disc herniation . 
 The Special Troops Battalion , 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team has never received a unit decoration from the United States military . 
 On October 12 , Quantrill and his men met General Samuel Cooper at the Canadian River and proceeded to Mineral Springs , Texas , to rest for the winter . Anderson married Bush Smith , a woman from Sherman , Texas . Anderson ignored Quantrill 's request to wait until after the war and then separated his men from Quantrill 's band . The tension between the two groups markedly increased — some feared that open warfare would result — but by the wedding , relations had improved . In March , at the behest of General Price , Quantrill reassembled his men , sending most of them into active duty with the Confederate Army . He retained 84 men and reunited with Anderson . Quantrill appointed him a first lieutenant , subordinate only to himself and to Todd . 
 Matthew and Luke each describe Jesus ' nativity ( or birth ) , especially that Jesus was born of a virgin in Bethlehem in fulfillment of prophecy . Luke 's account emphasizes events before the birth of Jesus and centers on Mary , while Matthew 's mostly covers those after the birth and centers on Joseph . Both accounts state that Jesus was born to Joseph and Mary , his betrothed , in Bethlehem , and both support the doctrine of the virgin birth , according to which Jesus was miraculously conceived by the Holy Spirit in Mary 's womb when she was still a virgin . The virgin birth has been a consistent tenet of orthodox Christian belief , although a number of liberal theologians have questioned it in the last 150 years . Matthew repeatedly cites the Old Testament to support the belief that Jesus is the Jews ' promised Messiah . 
 = = = Historicity of events = = = 
 = = Career = = 
 = = = Aggressive = = = 
 Doyle 's next loan move saw him join Millwall in November 2005 for a month . He went straight into the team for their game against Leeds United on 26 November . With the game goalless going into injury time , Millwall defender Ben May put the ball past Doyle for an own goal to give Leeds a 1 – 0 victory . Doyle was recalled from loan on 19 December to cover for the suspended Nico Vaesen . Doyle was on the bench for Birmingham 's Football League Cup quarter @-@ final against Manchester United the next day , and then returned to Millwall three days later on an emergency seven @-@ day loan . This loan deal was extended for another seven days before Doyle returned to Birmingham on 5 January 2006 after manager Steve Bruce had refused Millwall permission to use him in the FA Cup . A week later , Doyle agreed to go to Millwall for a third loan spell in the 2005 – 06 season , this time staying with " The Lions " until the end of the season . In total , Doyle played 14 games for Millwall during his three loan spells , keeping two clean sheets . 
 The English astronomer John Flamsteed catalogued over 3000 stars . Further discoveries paralleled the improvements in the size and quality of the telescope . More extensive star catalogues were produced by Lacaille . The astronomer William Herschel made a detailed catalog of nebulosity and clusters , and in 1781 discovered the planet Uranus , the first new planet found . The distance to a star was first announced in 1838 when the parallax of 61 Cygni was measured by Friedrich Bessel . 
 Is there other life in the Universe ? Especially , is there other intelligent life ? If so , what is the explanation for the Fermi paradox ? The existence of life elsewhere has important scientific and philosophical implications . Is the Solar System normal or atypical ? 
 Calvin 's father has a brother named Max , who lives out of state . Watterson introduced him in a week of strips but said he later regretted the idea . Although Watterson said the idea of having Max in the strip was to set up potential future storylines , he realized that his intent to have the parents remain nameless worked against him because Max could not refer to either one by name . This was cited as one of the main reasons Max never reappeared . 
 Due to lack of studies , it is not known whether increased fluid intake improves symptoms or shortens respiratory illness , and there is a similar lack of data for the use of heated humidified air . One study has found chest vapor rub to provide some relief of nocturnal cough , congestion , and sleep difficulty . 
 For Christmas 2008 an original three @-@ part ghost story by Mark Gatiss , Crooked House , was produced instead , though Gatiss has cited the original adaptations as a key influence . 
 Toward the end of his military service , in August 1927 , Hergé met the editor of Le Vingtième Siècle , the Abbé Norbert Wallez , a vocal fascist who kept a signed photograph of the Italian Fascist leader Benito Mussolini on his desk . Impressed by Hergé 's repertoire , Wallez agreed to give him a job as a photographic reporter and cartoonist for the paper , something for which Hergé always remained grateful , coming to view the Abbé as a father figure . Supplemented by commissions for other publications , Hergé illustrated a number of texts for " The Children 's Corner " and the literary pages ; the illustrations of this period show his interest in woodcuts and the early prototype of his ligne claire style . 
 In November 1932 Hergé announced that the following month he would send Tintin on an adventure to Asia . Although initially titled The Adventures of Tintin , Reporter , in the Orient , it would later be renamed Cigars of the Pharaoh . A mystery story , the plot began in Egypt before proceeding to Arabia and India , during which the recurring characters of Thomson and Thompson and Rastapopoulos were introduced . Through his friend Charles Lesne , Hergé was hired to produce illustrations for the company Casterman , and in late 1933 they proposed taking over the publication of both The Adventures of Tintin and Quick and Flupke in book form , to which Hergé agreed ; the first Casterman book was the collected volume of Cigars . Continuing to subsidise his comic work with commercial advertising , in January 1934 he also founded the " Atelier Hergé " advertising company with two partners , but it was liquidated after six months . From February to August 1934 Hergé serialised Popol Out West in Le Petit Vingtième , a story using animal characters that was a development of the earlier Tim the Squirrel comic . 
 The Joker has appeared in a variety of media , including television series , animated and live @-@ action films . WorldCat ( a catalog of libraries in 170 countries ) records over 250 productions featuring the Joker as a subject , including films , books , and video games , and Batman films featuring the character are typically the most successful . The character 's earliest on @-@ screen adaptation was in the 1966 television series Batman , in which he was played as a cackling prankster by Cesar Romero ( reflecting his contemporary comic counterpart ) . The Joker then appeared in the animated television shows The Adventures of Batman ( 1968 , voiced by Larry Storch ) , The New Adventures of Batman ( 1977 , voiced by Lennie Weinrib ) and The Super Powers Team : Galactic Guardians ( 1985 , voiced by Frank Welker ) . A darker version of the Joker ( played by Jack Nicholson ) made his film debut in 1989 's Batman , which earned over $ 400 million at the worldwide box office . The role was a defining performance in Nicholson 's career and was considered to overshadow Batman 's , with film critic Roger Ebert saying that the audience must sometimes remind themselves not to root for the Joker . Batman 's success led to the 1992 television series , Batman : The Animated Series . Voiced by Mark Hamill , the Joker retained the darker tone of the comics in stories acceptable for young children . Hamill 's Joker is considered a defining portrayal , and he voiced the character in spin @-@ off films ( 1993 's Batman : Mask of the Phantasm and 2000 's Batman Beyond : Return of the Joker ) , video games ( 2001 's Batman : Vengeance ) , related series ( 1996 's Superman : The Animated Series , 2000 's Static Shock and 2001 's Justice League ) , action figures , toys and amusement @-@ park voiceovers . A redesigned Joker , voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson , appeared in 2004 's The Batman ; Richardson was the first African @-@ American to play the character . 
 In early 1997 , after months of negotiations , the San Diego Padres signed a working agreement with the Chiba Lotte Marines that gave the Padres exclusive signing rights to another Nomura client , Hideki Irabu . Although both Irabu and Nomura stated that Irabu would only sign with the New York Yankees , neither the Padres nor the Marines consulted Irabu before finalizing their deal . The Major League Baseball Players Association ( MLBPA ) sided with Irabu , stating that the arrangement unfairly disregarded a player 's expressed wishes . However , MLB 's executive council ruled that the Padres had not violated any existing rule , and therefore legally held the rights to Irabu . Following this decision , Irabu contemplated a number of different options , including playing in NPB until he became a free agent , and taking the matter to the U.S. judicial system . By May , however , the Padres gave in and traded Irabu to the Yankees , who signed him for $ 12 @.@ 8 million over four years . 
 The new alignment of US @-@ 6 was opened on December 30 , 1983 . The dedication was planned for the next day , but lines of cars formed at the barricades as soon as news broke that the highway was complete . Some were residents anxious to see the area or visit relatives they had not seen since the slide ; others were truck drivers frustrated by long detours . The Highway Patrol requested the ceremony be canceled and the highway opened early , as they were unable to disperse the crowds . 
 The landslide area near Thistle is a paleovalley formed in a depression in an area of bedrock known as the Charleston – Nebo thrust plate . The rock in this plate dates from the Permian and Pennsylvanian to the Jurassic periods , but the plate appears to have formed elsewhere and moved to the modern Thistle area during the Late Cretaceous epoch . The layers of sedimentary rock above the thrust plate are younger , dating to the Cretaceous and Tertiary periods . The rock debris in the landslide itself comes from the North Horn and Ankareh formations . 
 Roberts ' son , Kenny Roberts , Jr . , won the 2000 500 cc World Championship , making them the only father and son duo to have won the title . Ironically , Roberts has stated that he considers himself a dirt tracker at heart and only took up road racing because it was necessary to do so if a rider was going to compete for the Grand National championship . He also said that he would have preferred to remain in the United States to compete in the Grand National championship if Yamaha or another manufacturer had been able to construct a dirt track racer capable of competing with Harley @-@ Davidson . 
 Crocodilia appears to be a Latinizing of the Greek κροκόδειλος ( crocodeilos ) , which means both lizard and Nile crocodile . Crocodylia , as coined by Wermuth , in regards to the genus Crocodylus appears to be derived from the ancient Greek κρόκη ( kroke ) — meaning shingle or pebble — and δρîλος or δρεîλος ( dr ( e ) ilos ) for " worm " . The name may refer to the animal 's habit of basking on the pebbled shores of the Nile . 
 Kadaif is a pastry made from long thin noodle threads filled with walnuts or pistachios and sweetened with syrup ; it is served alongside baklava . 
 As with other sports , vinkensport has had its cheating scandals , as well as accusations of artificial enhancement . One finch sang a record 1 @,@ 278 susk @-@ e @-@ weits in one hour , and the owner was later accused of doping the bird with testosterone . After one contestant sang exactly the same number of calls in two rounds , the box was opened and a mini CD player was discovered within . 
 Clarke was born in Harrow , England , to Joseph Thacher Clarke , an American , and his German wife , Agnes Paulina Marie Amalie Helferich . Her father was interested in music , and had her take up the violin at age nine . She began her studies at the Royal Academy of Music in 1903 , but was withdrawn by her father in 1905 after teacher Percy Hilder Miles proposed to her ( he later left her his Stradivarius violin in his will ) . She made the first of many visits to the United States shortly after leaving the Royal Academy . She then attended the Royal College of Music from 1907 to 1910 , becoming one of Sir Charles Villiers Stanford 's first female composition students . At Stanford 's urging she shifted her focus from the violin to the viola , just as the latter was coming to be seen as a legitimate solo instrument . She studied with Lionel Tertis , who was considered by some the greatest violist of the day . In 1910 she composed a setting of Chinese poetry , called " Tears " , in collaboration with a group of fellow students at RCM . She also sang under the direction of Ralph Vaughan Williams in a student ensemble organized by Clarke to study and perform Palestrina 's music . 
 = = = Season schedule = = = 
 = = Production = = 
 At age 17 , she returned from Northwestern " in disgrace " after failing out of school and unable to tell her family why . But she was compelled to continue her search for information . She found some in the novels available at the time : Nightwood , The Well of Loneliness , and Extraordinary Women . Soon thereafter , her father discovered The Well of Loneliness in a pile of other things in her bedroom . He was so appalled at what he found that he instructed her to burn the book , but did so in a letter as he was unable to speak to her about it face to face . Still eager to learn more about homosexuality , Gittings took a night course in abnormal psychology where she met a woman , with whom she had a brief affair , her first . At age 18 , she left home to be on her own and moved to Philadelphia . 
 = = = Children at Kew = = = 
 = = = Landscape and rivers = = = 
 Written by veteran Batman writer Paul Dini with Paul Crocker and Sefton Hill , Arkham City is based on the franchise 's long @-@ running comic book mythos . In the game 's main storyline , Batman is incarcerated in Arkham City , a huge new super @-@ prison enclosing the decaying urban slums of fictional Gotham City . He must uncover the secret behind the sinister scheme , " Protocol 10 " , orchestrated by the facility 's warden , Hugo Strange . The game 's leading characters are predominantly voiced by actors from the DC Animated Universe , with Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill reprising their roles as Batman and the Joker , respectively . The game is presented from the third @-@ person perspective with a primary focus on Batman 's combat and stealth abilities , detective skills , and gadgets that can be used in both combat and exploration . Arkham City expands Batman 's arsenal of gadgets and combat attacks and offers a more open world structure , allowing the player to complete side missions away from the primary storyline . 
 " Fuiste Tú " ( featuring Gaby Moreno ) — 4 : 25 
 The island of Egholm contains the former Egholm Skole , which was closed in 1972 when a ferry service to Aalborg was established and children on the island began attending the Vesterkæret Skole in Aalborg . Today the old school on Egholm is run as a school camp by the City of Aalborg , with 18 beds and facilities for 60 people . Skipper Clement International School is a private school for children between 6 and 16 . The international department conducts its classes in English , the first to be established in the Jutland peninsula , but it does have department which educates in Danish , like the public schools in Denmark . 
 Comparison of the fronds of ' ' Asplenium bradleyi ' ' and its two parent species 
 Environmentalists have criticised the Delhi government for not doing enough to curb air pollution and to inform people about air quality issues . Most of Delhi 's residents are unaware of alarming levels of air pollution in the city and the health risks associated with it ; however , as of 2015 , awareness , particularly among the foreign diplomatic community and high @-@ income Indians , was noticeably increasing . Since the mid @-@ 1990s , Delhi has undertaken some measures to curb air pollution – Delhi has the third highest quantity of trees among Indian cities and the Delhi Transport Corporation operates the world 's largest fleet of environmentally friendly compressed natural gas ( CNG ) buses . In 1996 , the Centre for Science and Environment ( CSE ) started a public interest litigation in the Supreme Court of India that ordered the conversion of Delhi 's fleet of buses and taxis to run on compressed natural gas ( CNG ) and banned the use of leaded petrol in 1998 . In 2003 , Delhi won the United States Department of Energy 's first ' Clean Cities International Partner of the Year ' award for its " bold efforts to curb air pollution and support alternative fuel initiatives " . The Delhi Metro has also been credited for significantly reducing air pollutants in the city . 
 = = Reception = = 
 Merlin 61 ( RM 8SM ) 
 Notes 
 Just prior of the casting call and video shoot , Stansberry expressed his views to MTV News on the concept for the video – originality . " Originality , being you . This song is about being who you want . It 's about letting loose . There 's no explanation . This is this underground video , this underground party . " During the video shoot , MTV interviewed Lopez about the concepts for the video . Lopez described some of the characters she played , telling MTV that in one scene " I play one character where she kind of runs this party , acts like she 's kind of over it , but at the same time loves it and loves this kind of underground kind of party dance culture , ... So I got to be wild and crazy , and at the same time I got to be sexy and sweet too . " The video makes use of product placement , including BMW , Swarovski and Crown Royal , according to Tanner Stransky from Entertainment Weekly . Stransky also noted the " unintentional placement " of fake eyelashes and wigs , weaves , and other hair @-@ extending products . 
 The campus occupies 10 @.@ 45 acres ( 4 @.@ 23 ha ) off of Maple Avenue in Downers Grove . It borders the Maple Grove Forest Preserve , created in 1919 , one of the oldest forest preserves in the Forest Preserve District of DuPage County system . The 82 @-@ acre ( 33 ha ) preserve protects " the largest remaining remnant of the vast maple forest that became Downers Grove " , and has been categorized a globally endangered ecosystem . Its black maple and upland sugar maple communities are host to many threatened and endangered plant species , and bloom with trillium , trout lilies , violets , buttercups , and wild geraniums in the spring . The forest is a refuge for a wide range of birds , including Great Horned Owls and several species of hawks , as well as a stopover for several species of migratory birds , including the Indigo Bunting , which nests there during the warm breeding season and migrates south by night in the winter . A 1 @.@ 1 @-@ mile ( 1 @.@ 8 km ) hiking trail winds through the preserve , crossing a small creek and passing a nearby pond . The preserve is used by students in their science and nature activities . 
 On 23 March , Cormoran returned to Sydney for yet another annual overhaul . Afterward , she resumed her typical cruising duties in the German Pacific colonies . In September , she and the steamer Planet pulled free the Norwegian barque Fram , which had run aground . She received another major overhaul in Tsingtau in May 1912 , which was followed by surveying cruises in the German colonies . She did not return to Apia until 10 January 1913 . Cormoran was reclassified as a gunboat on 24 February 1913 by order of Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz , the State Secretary of the Reichsmarineamt ( Imperial Navy Office ) . From 4 June to 5 July , she underwent repairs in Sydney . She was then obliged to stop in Bougainville due to tribal feuds on the island . She landed her shore party to assist the Polizeitruppen in suppressing the conflict . She departed for Tsingtau for further repair work in early 1914 , arriving on 30 May . 
 = = Personnel = = 
 In March 1723 Philip Caryll was arrested by the government for drinking to the Pretender 's health in the home of the Pretender 's former nurse in Portsea , Portsmouth . An innkeeper of Horndean testified that Caryll held meetings at his inn with the former Tory MP Sir Henry Goring . Goring fled to France after the Jacobite Atterbury Plot was discovered , in August 1722 . It quickly became known to the Dutch ambassador that Goring had requested from the Waltham Blacks support for a Jacobite rising . The ambassador wrote that the Blacks were originally a group of smugglers and that their Jacobite allegiance was the primary reason for the passing of the Black Act . Goring wrote to the Pretender on 6 May 1723 : 
 Kaiser was selected to participate in a long @-@ distance cruise to test the reliability of the new turbine propulsion system . The ship was joined by her sister König Albert and the light cruiser Strassburg in a special " Detached Division " . The trio departed Germany on 9 December 1913 and proceeded to the German colonies in western Africa . The ships visited Lomé in Togoland , Duala and Victoria in Kamerun , and Swakopmund in German South @-@ West Africa . From Africa , the ships sailed to St. Helena and then on to Rio de Janeiro , arriving on 15 February 1914 . Strassburg was detached to visit Buenos Aires , Argentina before returning to meet the two battleships in Montevideo , Uruguay . The three ships sailed south around Cape Horn and then north to Valparaiso , Chile , arriving on 2 April and remaining for over a week . 
 Since its release , the album has been hailed as one of the best ever psychedelic rock albums . In 1973 , it was packaged with the band 's second album , A Saucerful of Secrets , and released as A Nice Pair to introduce new fans to the band 's early work after the success of The Dark Side of the Moon . Special limited editions of The Piper at the Gates of Dawn were issued to mark its thirtieth and fortieth anniversaries in 1997 and 2007 , respectively , with the latter release containing bonus tracks . In 2012 , The Piper at the Gates of Dawn was voted 347th on Rolling Stone magazine 's list of the " 500 Greatest Albums of All Time " . 
 Verse 10 and doxology ( movements 11 and 12 ) : tonic key 
 This species is found in deciduous and mixed forests , and sometimes mature conifer plantations , preferring locations with access to water . Cemeteries , gardens and parks have allowed it to spread into urban areas , including central London . The tawny owl is mainly a lowland bird in the colder parts of its range , but breeds to 550 metres ( 1 @,@ 800 ft ) in Scotland , 1 @,@ 600 m ( 5 @,@ 200 ft ) in the Alps , 2 @,@ 350 m ( 7 @,@ 710 ft ) in Turkey , and up to 2 @,@ 800 m ( 9 @,@ 200 ft ) in Burma . 
 The European section of Turkey , East Thrace ( the easternmost region of the Balkan peninsula ) , forms the borders of Turkey with Greece and Bulgaria . The Asian part of the country is comprised mostly by the peninsula of Anatolia , which consists of a high central plateau with narrow coastal plains , between the Köroğlu and Pontic mountain ranges to the north and the Taurus Mountains to the south . Eastern Turkey , located within the western plateau of the Armenian Highlands , has a more mountainous landscape and is home to the sources of rivers such as the Euphrates , Tigris and Aras , and contains Mount Ararat , Turkey 's highest point at 5 @,@ 137 metres ( 16 @,@ 854 feet ) , and Lake Van , the largest lake in the country . Southeastern Turkey is located within the northern plains of Upper Mesopotamia . 
 = = Later claims = = 
 Some famous Stockport County fans include BDO darts player Tony O 'Shea , singer @-@ songwriter Daz Sampson and Robin Richards from the band Dutch Uncles . O 'Shea writes an article in the club programme every home match and also wears the club colours in all of his televised darts matches . Sampson became a life member of the Stockport County Supporters Trust after he released " The County Song " , which pays tribute to Stockport County 's Football League record of nine consecutive wins without conceding a goal . 
 = = History = = 
 Perry and the other brides chase after him . When Alexander pulls out his phone , Perry is on the screen singing to him . He flees the warehouse and finds Perry outside wearing urban clothing , surrounded by dancers dressed similarly . When he turns around , he discovers that he has been cornered by Perry and the group of angry brides . He stumbles and the dancers surround him as he lies on the ground , before Perry approaches him leading a zebra on a leash . Alexander blinks and finds himself back at the altar in the church , revealing that the previous events were just his fantasy . The priest asks him again if he accepts his vows , and this time he says " I do " . The crowd in the church breaks out into cheers and sighs of relief as Perry runs victoriously down the aisle with him . 
 Founder Steve Ells has testified before the United States Congress in support of the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act , which aims to reduce the amount of antibiotics given to farm animals . 
 = = = Marketing = = = 
 The senate attempted to use Caligula 's death as an opportunity to restore the republic . Chaerea tried to persuade the military to support the senate . The military , though , remained loyal to the idea of imperial monarchy . The grieving Roman people assembled and demanded that Caligula 's murderers be brought to justice . Uncomfortable with lingering imperial support , the assassins sought out and stabbed Caligula 's wife , Caesonia , and killed their young daughter , Julia Drusilla , by smashing her head against a wall . They were unable to reach Caligula 's uncle , Claudius ; after a soldier , Gratus , found Claudius hiding behind a palace curtain he was spirited out of the city by a sympathetic faction of the Praetorian Guard to the nearby Praetorian camp . 
 Beginning in the 2014 season , Cedar Point offers a Halloween @-@ themed version of Fast Lane called Fright Lane with Skeleton Key , available during HalloWeekends . In addition to Fast Lane access , this version provides priority access to haunted attractions within the park . It also includes a key that provides access to a secret room in each haunted attraction . 
 In the 2006 book " The Warrior Heir " by Cinda Williams Chima , the main characters take a field trip to Cedar Point with their high school class . In a 2010 episode of Bert the Conqueror on the Travel Channel , Bert takes the " Foursome Fearsome " roller @-@ coaster challenge in which he rides the four fastest and tallest coasters in the park in under an hour . A 2012 episode of Travel Channel 's Off Limits takes a look at off @-@ season maintenance at the park and features the host , Don Wildman , working with the maintenance crew on Mean Streak and Millennium Force . In 2012 , the " Extreme Heights " and " Speed Demons " episodes of Insane Coaster Wars on the Travel Channel feature Cedar Point coasters Millennium Force and Top Thrill Dragster , respectively . Commentary for the series was primarily filmed at Cedar Point . 
 Worst Gimmick ( 2013 ) Aces & Eights 
 = = = Opinion of the Court = = = 
 = = Live performances = = 
 Dyer stopped using his false name after the war . He attended Russell Military Institute and Hopkins Grammar School in New Haven , Connecticut , reclaiming the education he left to become a soldier . 
 Twentieth @-@ century fiction includes at least three novels with the flu pandemic as a major theme : Katherine Anne Porter 's Pale Horse , Pale Rider , Thomas Mullen 's The Last Town on Earth , and Thomas Wolfe 's Look Homeward , Angel . 
 St Vincent 's skills as an administrator and logistician came into play and he issued orders regarding the health and well being of the fleet . St Vincent wrote to Earl Spencer , commenting " I have ever considered the care of the sick and wounded as one of the first duties of a Commander @-@ in @-@ chief , by sea or land . " Based on Doctor Baird 's advice on cleanliness and hygiene the admiral brought in as many fresh vegetables as he could , along with vast quantities of fresh lemon juice to minimise illness , particularly scurvy . The effect was dramatic . The hospital ship that accompanied the fleet was sent home unneeded and in November 1800 when the fleet came to anchor in Torbay there were as few as sixteen hospital cases among the estimated twenty three thousand men . In a letter to Sir Evan Nepean , first secretary to the Admiralty , St Vincent described Baird as " the most valuable man in the Navy not excepting the Board itself , " The oncoming winter of 1800 – 1801 forced the admiral to live ashore at Torre Abbey overlooking Torbay . Vice @-@ Admiral Sir Henry Harvey took over operational command of the fleet in St Vincent 's absence . 
 Upon graduating , Peter begins using his abilities to fight injustice , donning a costume and the persona of Spider @-@ Man . J. Jonah Jameson , a newspaper company headmaster , hires Peter as a freelance photographer , since he is the only person providing clear images of Spider @-@ Man . 
 = = Legacy = = 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 Sia later mentioned online , in reply to a fan lamenting that her song " Elastic Heart " would have been a good single for Beyoncé , that she gave the singer " Pretty Hurts " , her " other best song " . The final version of the song was written by Sia , Beyoncé and Ammo , and its production was handled by the latter two . Rob Suchecki engineered and recorded the song 's instrumental and intro synthesizer with Derek Dixie . Beyoncé 's vocals were recorded by Stuart White who also handled the mixing of the song . " Pretty Hurts " was recorded in three studios : Kings Landing in Bridgehampton , and Jungle City Studios and Oven Studios in New York City . In the United Kingdom , the song was added to the playlist of BBC Radio 1 on June 2 , 2014 , and later impacted mainstream radio in the country on June 23 . In the United States , " Pretty Hurts " impacted rhythmic radio on June 10 , 2014 , as the fourth single from Beyoncé . 
 According to Tris McCall of The Star @-@ Ledger , the song implicates that " American women are flung from their cradles into competition with each other , and are coached to disguise their flaws and distrust any gesture toward solidarity . " Additionally , the track 's lyrics deal with the consequences of society 's high standards of beauty , and in " Pretty Hurts " eating disorders are depicted as one of the subjected results . The track also sees Beyoncé denouncing " plastic smiles , " and during the last verses she demands to " strip away the masquearede " . Critics observed that " Pretty Hurts " promoted its listener 's ambition for fame and personal growth . The song 's lyrical content garnered comparisons to TLC 's " Unpretty " ( 1999 ) , and Christina Aguilera 's " Beautiful " ( 2002 ) . Marc Hogan of Spin opined that " Pretty Hurts " resembled a speech accompanied by music and felt that it served as a political statement addressed to the beauty industry . Hogan 's view was echoed by McCall of The Star @-@ Ledger who wrote that had the song been performed by Phil Ochs in 1995 , it " would have instantly recognized it as a protest number " . McCall went on to opine that " Pretty Hurts " served a response to the criticism Beyoncé received for her performance of the The Star @-@ Spangled Banner during American president Barack Obama 's second inauguration in 2013 . 
 = = = All water route = = = 
 In September 2007 , Gingrich founded the 527 group American Solutions for Winning the Future . The stated mission of the group is to become the " leading grassroots movement to recruit , educate , and empower citizen activists and elected officials to develop solutions to transform all levels of government " . Gingrich spoke of the group and its objectives at the CPAC conference of 2008 and currently serves as its General Chairman . Other organizations and companies founded or chaired by Gingrich include the creative production company Gingrich Productions , and religious educational organization Renewing American Leadership . 
 According to Chinese state officials , the quake caused 69 @,@ 180 known deaths including 68 @,@ 636 in Sichuan province ; 18 @,@ 498 people are listed as missing , and 374 @,@ 176 injured , but these figures may further increase as more reports come in . This estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads . 
 = = = Property damage = = = 
 The excellence of Boult 's orchestra attracted leading international conductors . In its second season guest conductors included Richard Strauss , Felix Weingartner and Bruno Walter , followed , in later seasons , by Serge Koussevitzky , Beecham and Willem Mengelberg . Arturo Toscanini , widely regarded at the time as the world 's leading conductor , conducted the BBC orchestra in 1935 and said that it was the finest he had ever directed . He returned to conduct the orchestra in 1937 , 1938 and 1939 . 
 = = Development = = 
 = = Ships = = 
 = = Early life and high school = = 
 = = = = Self @-@ stability = = = = 
 = = = Braking according to ground conditions = = = 
 On 14 May 1940 , Secretary of State for War Anthony Eden announced the creation of the Local Defence Volunteers ( LDV ) — later to become known as the Home Guard . Far more men volunteered than the government expected and by the end of June , there were nearly 1 @.@ 5 million volunteers . There were plenty of personnel for the defence of the country , but there were no uniforms ( a simple armband had to suffice ) and equipment was in critically short supply . At first , the Home Guard was armed with guns in private ownership , a knife or bayonet on a pole , Molotov cocktails and improvised flamethrowers . 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 The eggs are pale blue with brown spots and each measure 35 – 46 x 28 – 35 mm ( 1 @.@ 4 – 1 @.@ 8 x 1 @.@ 1 – 1 @.@ 4 inches ) , and weigh about 22 @.@ 5 g ( 0 @.@ 79 oz ) of which 8 % is shell in a healthy egg . Usually a clutch of four or five eggs is laid . The eggs are generally laid in the morning with an interval of 2 – 3 days between each egg . If a clutch is lost , up to two further eggs may be laid that are smaller than the earlier eggs . 
 The Current civic Cabinet consists of the Mayor , Deputy Mayor and three Councilors : 
 To achieve its aims , the organisation used contacts with political parties and employed multi @-@ prong historical revisionism and propaganda efforts , including periodicals , books and public speeches . A HIAG @-@ owned publishing house , Munin Verlag , served as a platform for its publicity aims . This extensive body of work — 57 book titles and more than 50 years of monthly periodicals — has been described by historians as revisionist apologia . 
 In 1986 , Weston General Hospital was opened on the edge of Uphill village , replacing the Queen Alexandra Memorial Hospital on The Boulevard , which was opened in 1928 . 
 = = Diet = = 
 Morlas , Katy Francis ( 2005 ) . La Madame Et La Mademoiselle : Creole Women In Louisiana , 1718 – 1865 ( PDF ) ( Master of Arts thesis ) . Louisiana State University . 
 The College Republican National Committee ( CRNC ) is a national organization for college and university students who support the Republican Party of the United States . The organization is known as an active recruiting tool for the Republican Party and has produced many prominent Republican and conservative activists and introduced more party members to the Republican party than any other organization in the nation . 
 In the 110s BC , Jiushi ( 樛氏 ) , the empress dowager of Nanyue , wife of the deceased Zhao Yingqi and a Chinese native , mooted the unification of Nanyue with Han China . This proposal was met with resistance in the Nanyue nobility which , although nominally tributary to the Han , had not paid tribute in years . The queen was executed by Lü Jia , leader of those who had opposed her , in the summer of 112 BC . 
 The Kingdom Hearts series has been critically and commercially successful . As of March 2014 , the series has sold over 20 million copies worldwide . The three main games in the series all met with positive sales at the time of their releases . In the first two months since the North American release of Kingdom Hearts , it was one of the top three highest @-@ selling video games . Chain of Memories sold 104 @,@ 000 units in 48 hours in Japan , a record for a Game Boy Advance title at the time . Its positive debut sales placed it in the top spot of sales charts in Japan . In the first month of its North American release , it was ranked 1st on GameSpot 's ChartSpot for portable systems and 6th for all consoles . Within three days of the Kingdom Hearts II release in Japan , it shipped 1 million copies , selling through within a month . By the end of March 2006 , the NPD Group reported that Kingdom Hearts II was the highest @-@ selling console game in North America , with 614 @,@ 000 copies . In the month after its release in North America , Kingdom Hearts II sold an estimated 1 million copies . 
 = = Battles = = 
 Pikes Hotel is a luxury hotel , set in a 15th @-@ century stone mansion , a finca , which was a farm for centuries . It is accessed off a long lane leading from the main road from Sant Antoni de Portmany . Stuart Husband of The Independent describes Pikes Hotel as " a notorious Ibiza hotel where anything goes . " It is considered to be one of the most famous or infamous hotels on the island and has been cited as one of the " world 's true spiritual homes of rock 'n'roll hedonism . " Iain Stewart of the The Rough Guide to Ibiza considers Pikes Hotel to be an " almost legendary , relaxed and idiosyncratic rural hotel , popular with visiting celebrities . " The Mail on Sunday has referred to the hotel as an " atmosphere of complete sexual licence . " Anthony Pike himself said " it 's been claimed we break every law , but I wouldn 't be in business if that was the case . " Boy George referred to Pike as the " Hugh Hefner of Ibiza " . 
 = = Geography = = 
 IGN 's Eric Goldman rated the episode 8 @.@ 5 / 10 . He commented that in resetting the events of " Sectionals " , it " felt a bit rushed " , but concluded : " Glee continues to work because it has its cake and eats it too . It 's an over the top , overly cheerful musical – but also a biting comedy that always winks at the audience and acknowledges how cheesy musical theater can be , even while also proving how fun it is . " The Daily News ' David Hinckley shared Goldman 's concerns about resetting the characters , and while he believed that doing so was the right long @-@ term move , he commented that : " the immediate effect is to make the episode feel a little jerky . " Hinckley felt that the episode 's greatest problems were its pace and execution , observing : " Too many twists and turns feel a little too sudden , leaving us not quite sure how we got from here to there . " 
 = = = Cape Royds = = = 
 = = Themes = = 
 Wingspan : 10 @.@ 20 m ( 33 ft 5 in ) 
 The Royal Commission began its work and the proceedings were followed closely and eagerly debated by the public . As Playford had not shown an inclination to commute Stuart 's sentence , Dunstan introduced a bill to abolish capital punishment . The vote was split along party lines and was thus defeated , but Dunstan used the opportunity to attack the Playmander with much effect in the media , portraying the failed legislation as an unjust triumph of a malapportioned minority who had a vengeance mentality over an electorally repressed majority who wanted a humane outcome . 
 = = = Red River Trail = = = 
 = U.S. Route 24 in Michigan = 
 = = = Northern suburbs = = = 
 The song was remixed by several DJs such as Hex Hector and Soul Solution . As noted by Jose F. Promis of Allmusic , the song " in its original form , was a massive adult contemporary and pop hit , and , with its larger @-@ than @-@ life chorus , worked equally well as an unstoppable dance number , even if the vocals were never re @-@ recorded . " The " Soul @-@ Hex Vocal Anthem " remix , with a length over nine minutes , was influenced by tribal house music ; while the " Classic Radio Mix " is a piano @-@ driven house music edit . A Spanish version of " Un @-@ Break My Heart " , titled " Regresa a Mi " , was included as a bonus track on Secrets . MusicOMH contributor Uma Uthayashanker considered it " an easy listen " version " that encapsulates the passion and meaning of the original but opens it up to a wider audience . " 
 Empress Marie was reserved and formal with Olga as a child , and their relationship remained a difficult one . However , Olga , her father , and the youngest of her brothers , Michael , had a close relationship . Together , the three frequently went on hikes within the Gatchina forests , where the Tsar taught Olga and Michael woodsmanship . Olga said of her father : 
 U @-@ 30 began her first patrol operating from Lorient and her seventh overall on 13 July 1940 . During a period of 12 days , she traveled as far south as Portugal and sank the 712 ton British ship Ellaroy on the 21st . Three days later , on 24 July , U @-@ 30 returned to Lorient , having experienced a malfunction in one of her engines . It then became clear that the boat was suffering a number of mechanical difficulties and as a result it was decided that she would need to be used sparingly . For her next patrol it was decided that she would leave from Lorient , but would return to Germany . 
 = = = Relationships = = = 
 On 30 May 2013 , Electronic Arts announced The Lost Island downloadable content ( DLC ) . The multiplayer @-@ only DLC includes two weapons , four maps , and two competitive multiplayer modes called " Frenzy " and " Possession " . The downloadable content was released worldwide on 4 July 2013 for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , and Xbox 360 . 
 To maintain the progress of the legislative process , when Congress returned from recess , in September 2009 President Obama delivered a speech to a joint session of Congress supporting the ongoing Congressional negotiations , to re @-@ emphasize his commitment to reform and again outline his proposals . He acknowledged the polarization of the debate , and quoted a letter from the late Senator Edward " Ted " Kennedy urging on reform : " what we face is above all a moral issue ; that at stake are not just the details of policy , but fundamental principles of social justice and the character of our country . " On November 7 , the House of Representatives passed the Affordable Health Care for America Act on a 220 – 215 vote and forwarded it to the Senate for passage . 
 = John Wilson Bengough = 
 = New York State Route 174 = 
 At its annual conference the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights ( LCCHR ) , which includes the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the American Civil Liberties Union as members , passed a unanimous resolution of the 85 representatives present that , while recognizing that a business has the First Amendment right to use any name that it chooses , others need not be complicit in the use of a pejorative and insulting name ; and calling upon all Federal , state and local government entities " to end any preferential tax , zoning , or policy treatment that could be viewed as supporting the franchise as long as it retains its current team name " . The resolution also commended the " current and former government officials , media outlets , and other entities that have encouraged the Washington Redskins franchise to change its team name or that have refused to be complicit in promoting the current team name " . In response , the team released a brief statement reiterated their previous position , and quoting two individuals as being both Native American and Redskins fans who do not want the name to change . The LCCHR issued a press release in 2014 applauding the decision to cancel the trademark protection for the team 's name . The NAACP issued their own press release supporting the TTAB decision stating " The NAACP has called specifically for this name change since 1992 , and will continue to stand with the Native Indian community until the derogatory moniker has been changed . " 
 Nycticebus bengalensis , commonly known as the Bengal slow loris or northern slow loris , is a strepsirrhine primate in the slow loris genus , Nycticebus . Formerly considered a subspecies of the Sunda slow loris ( N. coucang ) , it was recognized as a distinct species in 2001 by taxonomist and primatologist Colin Groves . It is difficult to distinguish from the other species in its genus . 
 1st Armored Division , Fort Bliss 
 By the end of the 18th century , the ruins were considered picturesque and sublime , attracting visitors and artists , and paintings of the castle were made by Thomas Girtin , Moses Griffith , Julius Caesar Ibbetson , Paul Sandby and J. M. W. Turner . Several bridges were built across the River Conwy linking the town and Llandudno during the 19th century , including a road bridge in 1826 and a rail bridge in 1848 . These improved communication links with the castle and further increased tourist numbers . In 1865 Conwy Castle passed from the Holland family , who had leased it from the descendants of the Conways , to the civic leadership of Conwy town . Restoration work on the ruins then began , including the reconstruction of the damaged Bakehouse tower . In 1953 the castle was leased to the Ministry of Works and Arnold Taylor undertook a wide range of repairs and extensive research into the castle 's history . An additional road bridge was built to the castle in 1958 . Already protected as a scheduled monument , in 1986 it was also declared part of the World Heritage Site of the " Castles and Town Walls of King Edward in Gwynedd " . 
 Matilda has attracted relatively little attention from modern English academics , being treated as a marginal figure in comparison to other contemporaries , particularly her rival Stephen , in contrast to the work carried out by German scholars on her time in the Empire . Popular , but not always accurate , biographies were written by the Earl of Onslow in 1939 and Nesta Pain in 1978 , but the only major academic biography in English remains Majorie Chibnall 's 1991 work . Interpretations of Matilda 's character have shifted over time , but there is , as Chibnall describes , a " general agreement that she was either proud or at least keenly conscious of the high status of an empress " . Like both Henry I and Henry II , Matilda had a certain autocratic grandeur , which was combined with a firm moral belief in her cause ; ultimately however she was limited by the political conventions of the 12th century . The treatment of Matilda by modern historians has been challenged by feminist scholars , including Fiona Tolhurst , who believe some traditional assumptions about her role and personality show gender bias . In this interpretation , Matilda has been unfairly criticised for showing qualities that have been considered praiseworthy when seen in her male contemporaries . 
 In 1860 , Stowe 's son Frederick " Fred " William Stowe enlisted in the First Massachusetts Infantry Regiment when Abraham Lincoln called for volunteers in anticipation of the Civil War . Much beloved , yet troubled , Fred Stowe had developed a problem with alcohol as early as sixteen . He took to army life , however , and was promoted to lieutenant . After receiving a head wound at the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863 , he endured severe headaches and was forced to resign his commission . His alcoholism worsened , and he may have compounded it with a liberal use of opiates and narcotics , which were widely available . 
 Budgetary restraints in the 1990s forced the provincial government to sell off or download many highways to lower levels of government , or , in the case of Highway 407 , to a private consortium . As part of recommendations , the QEW east of Highway 427 to the Humber River was transferred to the responsibility of the City of Toronto . The transfer took place on April 1 , 1997 . The city subsequently renamed it as part of the Gardiner Expressway . 
 = = = Political = = = 
 Mir EO @-@ 19 ( Russian : Мир ЭО @-@ 19 , also known as Principal Expedition 19 ) was the nineteenth manned expedition to the space station Mir , lasting from June to September 1995 . The crew , consisting of Russian cosmonauts Anatoly Solovyev and Nikolai Budarin , launched on June 27 , 1995 aboard the Space Shuttle Atlantis on the STS @-@ 71 mission . After remaining aboard Mir for approximately 75 days , Solovyev and Budarin returned aboard the Soyuz TM @-@ 21 spacecraft on September 11 , 1995 . 
 Exposure to lead also can be evaluated by measuring erythrocyte protoporphyrin ( EP ) in blood samples . EP is a part of red blood cells known to increase when the amount of lead in the blood is high , with a delay of a few weeks . Thus EP levels in conjunction with blood lead levels can suggest the time period of exposure ; if blood lead levels are high but EP is still normal , this finding suggests exposure was recent . However , the EP level alone is not sensitive enough to identify elevated blood lead levels below about 35 μg / dL . Due to this higher threshold for detection and the fact that EP levels also increase in iron deficiency , use of this method for detecting lead exposure has decreased . 
 The military garrison was discontinued and a federal land office opened to sell land ceded by local Native Americans by the Treaty of St. Mary 's in 1819 . Platted in 1823 , the village became an important frontier outpost , and was incorporated as the Town of Fort Wayne in 1829 , with a population of 300 . The Wabash and Erie Canal 's opening eased travel to the Great Lakes and Mississippi River , exposing Fort Wayne to expanded economic opportunities . The population topped 2 @,@ 000 when the town was incorporated as the City of Fort Wayne on February 22 , 1840 . Pioneer newspaperman George W. Wood was elected the city 's first mayor . Fort Wayne 's " Summit City " nickname dates from this period , referring to the city 's position at the highest elevation along the canal 's route . As influential as the canal was to the city 's earliest development , it quickly became obsolete after briefly competing with the city 's first railroad , the Pittsburgh , Fort Wayne and Chicago Railway , completed in 1854 . 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 Besides its interest for seismologists and volcanologists , who monitor the mountain 's activity , Mount Tambora is an area of scientific studies for archaeologists and biologists . It also attracts tourists for hiking and wildlife activities . The two nearest cities are Dompu and Bima . Three concentrations of villages are around the mountain slope . At the east is Sanggar village , to the northwest are Doro Peti and Pesanggrahan villages , and to the west is Calabai village . 
 Birth by Sleep is a prequel to the first Kingdom Hearts game , taking place nine years prior . Like the other games in the series , the player progresses through a collection of various worlds , based on various locales from the Disney animated features canon : Dwarf Woodlands from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , Enchanted Dominion from Sleeping Beauty , Castle of Dreams from Cinderella , Olympus Coliseum from Hercules , Deep Space from Lilo & Stitch , Neverland from Peter Pan , and Mysterious Tower from Fantasia . The game also features various new worlds specially created for the series by Square Enix such as the Land of Departure and Radiant Garden . Disney Town , which is the town that surrounds the castle grounds of Disney Castle , serves as the game 's minigame world . Worlds such as Destiny Islands and Castle Oblivion also appear in the form of cutscenes , while the 100 Acre Wood from the Winnie the Pooh franchise , which had appeared in most other games of the series , only appears as a Command Board in Birth by Sleep . The staff first chose the worlds based on the game 's scenario , leading to the inclusion of Princesses ' worlds . They then added the worlds of Neverland and Deep Space to add variety to the game , while Olympus Coliseum was selected to reflect the game 's earlier setting compared to the original Kingdom Hearts . 
 Prior to the game 's release , IGN expressed their excitement at the release of the game in 2010 having played the demo . 1UP.com echoed similar statements , praising the visuals and stating it " plays better " than the previous Kingdom Hearts games . They had some complaints regarding Ven 's demo due to constant jumping , but further stated that Ven 's demo gave them an idea of " how the game is going to feel " , and predicted the game would improve the series . 1UP also put it on their article " Top 10 PSP Games of 2010 " , while Gamasutra put it in their " The Most Anticipated Games Of 2010 " and " The Most @-@ Awaited Games Of 2009 : PlayStation Portable " articles . IGN featured it as nominated of 2010 's " Best of E3 Award " in the category Best PSP Games . GameTrailers also had praise for the new title and gave it a nomination for Best PSP Game of E3 2010 . 
 = Delaware Route 6 = 
 During his first few years of naval service , Callaghan had been courting Mary Tormey of Oakland , California ; the two married on July 23 , 1914 . Their son , Daniel Judson Callaghan Jr . , was born in Alameda , California , on October 16 , 1915 . 
 1993 – Sendiri Lagi ( Alone Again ) 
 The Moon plays an important role in Islam ; the Islamic calendar is strictly lunar , and in many Muslim countries the months are determined by the visual sighting of the hilal , or earliest crescent moon , over the horizon . The splitting of the moon ( Arabic : انشقاق القمر ) was a miracle attributed to Muhammad . 
 Cohen 's initial vision for Poochie was that he would be annoying to fans because he was wealthy , aloof and unlikeable . In the episode 's DVD commentary he read his script for the first cartoon featuring Itchy , Scratchy , and Poochie : 
 = = Music and structure = = 
 = Broken Sword = 
 Kotaku : The Scariest Clowns And Jesters in Video Games ( 2013 ) 
 = = = Chances of becoming an epikleros = = = 
 Not only did Gibbons work to repair the damage to the company offices , he made it a priority to allow its staff to deal with their personal situations . He made staff members job descriptions more flexible , encouraging staff members to take the initiative to perform a wide range of tasks . A corporate day care system was established , allowing staff to bring their children to work . Staff members were allowed to take off as much time as needed to reestablish themselves and corporate dress codes were relaxed . The company brought in counselors , insurance experts , tax consultants , child care advisers and construction companies to help the staff reorient themselves . The company also went so far as to arrange emergency loans for its employees . By 1993 , Gibbons had tired of the post , and named a new successor to the post . He initially resigned his post as CEO of the company and was replaced by his chosen successor , COO James B. Adamson . Gibbons retained his position as chairman until he left the company 
 Dex @-@ Terminator ( 2002 ) by Bobbi J. G. Weiss and David Cody Weiss ( ISBN 0 @-@ 439 @-@ 38580 @-@ 6 ) 
 Laidlay , J.W. ( 1848 ) . " Note on the Inscriptions from Singapore and Province Wellesley Forwarded by the Hon. Col Butterworth and Col J. Low " . Journal of the Asiatic Society of Bengal 17 ( 2 ) . , reprinted in Miscellaneous Papers Relating to Indo @-@ China , above , vol . 1 at 227 – 232 . 
 = Battle of Kings Mountain = 
 = = Location = = 
 = = = Background = = = 
 The plumage of the Oceanitinae is dark with white underparts ( with the exception of the Wilson 's storm petrel ) All but two of the Hydrobatinae are mostly dark in colour with varying amounts of white on the rump . Two species have different plumage entirely , the Hornby 's storm petrel which has white undersides and facial markings , and the fork @-@ tailed storm petrel which has pale grey plumage . This is a notoriously difficult group to identify at sea . Onley and Scofield ( 2007 ) state that much published information is incorrect , and that photographs in the major seabird books and websites are frequently incorrectly ascribed as to species . They also consider that several national bird lists include species which have been incorrectly identified or have been accepted on inadequate evidence . 
 = = = Weekly charts = = = 
 As a junior at suburban Dormont High School , he was the 200 meter dash state champion . Paul went to Gettysburg College , where he was also a member of the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity . He graduated with a B.S. degree in Biology in 1957 . 
 The bridge is still in place over the Dead River and previously carried CR 510 as the successor to M @-@ 35 in northern Marquette County . Known locally as " The Steel Bridge " , it survived a May 15 , 2003 flood caused by the breaching of the Silver Lake Dam . The Marquette County Road Commission had announced plans in 2006 to bypass the Steel Bridge with a modern replacement , leaving the existing bridge as a footpath or bike path . Construction on the bypass road and replacement bridge was begun in October 2007 . The concrete work for the replacement span was started in late 2009 , with an original projected completion date of November 1 , 2010 . The new crossing is 100 feet ( 30 m ) above river level compared to the 10 feet ( 3 m ) for the 1921 span . The total budget for bridge construction is $ 4 @.@ 5 million ( equivalent to $ NaN in 2015 ) with an additional $ 1 @.@ 7 million ( equivalent to $ NaN in 2015 ) for the approach work , with an 80 percent federal , 15 percent state and 5 percent county funding split . The new bridge opened to traffic in September 2010 , diverting traffic from the Steel Bridge . Completion of the new span came after about a decade of planning . 
 = = Improvement and diversification = = 
 In 1876 Ferdinand de Rothschild began work on Waddesdon Manor , a short distance south of the Tramway 's station at Waddesdon ( later renamed Waddesdon Road ) . The top of Lodge Hill , a landmark , was levelled to provide a site and sloping drives were cut into the hill to provide access to the construction site . Transport of materials was by horse , but the contractors had to get enormous stone blocks up the hill . Rothschild 's contractors built a line , known as the Winchendon Branch , which turned off the Tramway between Waddesdon and Westcott stations and ran south to the foot of Lodge Hill . From there a cable tram ran on narrow gauge rails up the hill to a gully close to the building site . Materials were hauled along the cable tramway in tubs by a steam @-@ powered winch . The Winchendon Branch was hastily and cheaply built ; after one of the Tramway 's locomotives derailed there on 5 July 1876 Jones refused to allow his engines on it , and from then on materials were hauled along the branch by horses . 
 Humans have lived in what is today South Dakota for several thousand years , at least . The first inhabitants were Paleoindian hunter @-@ gatherers , and disappeared from the area around 5000 BC . Between 500 AD and 800 AD , a semi @-@ nomadic people known as the Mound Builders lived in central and eastern South Dakota . In the 14th century , the Crow Creek Massacre occurred , in which several hundred men , women , and children were killed near the Missouri River . 
 = = Legacy = = 
 He was one of the American League 's most promising power hitters of the late 1930s and early 1940s , twice led the AL in triples , and batted at least .340 with over 100 runs batted in ( RBIs ) each time . In 1941 he was selected to his first All @-@ Star Game and that same season became the first player from the American League to become a member of the 20 – 20 – 20 club when he hit 20 each of doubles , triples and home runs in the same season . His other All @-@ Star Game selections were in 1943 and 1945 . 
 Heath played for the Washington Senators and St. Louis Browns during the 1946 season and the National League 's ( NL ) Boston Braves beginning in 1948 . He incurred a compound fracture to his ankle in September 1948 and subsequently the Braves were without their starting left fielder for the 1948 World Series . In 1949 , Heath 's last season in the majors , sportswriter Franklin Lewis wrote , " There was the inimitable Heath who ... should have been one of the greatest players in history . But there were no valves on his temper . He grinned in the manner of a schoolboy or he snarled with the viciousness of a tiger . " 
 = = Awards = = 
 In 1911 , the Giants overcame the Cubs , capturing the first of three consecutive league championships . The trio played their final game together on April 12 , 1912 . While Chance was hospitalized for a brain injury suffered while playing , club owner Charles Webb Murphy released him after an argument about Murphy 's releasing other players with high salaries . Murphy named Evers manager for the 1913 season , which displeased Tinker , who was traded to the Cincinnati Reds . 
 Among Mahler 's fellow students at the Conservatory was the future song composer Hugo Wolf , with whom he formed a close friendship . Wolf was unable to submit to the strict disciplines of the Conservatory and was expelled . Mahler , while sometimes rebellious , avoided the same fate only by writing a penitent letter to Hellmesberger . He attended occasional lectures by Anton Bruckner and , though never formally his pupil , was influenced by him . On 16 December 1877 , he attended the disastrous premiere of Bruckner 's Third Symphony , at which the composer was shouted down , and most of the audience walked out . Mahler and other sympathetic students later prepared a piano version of the symphony , which they presented to Bruckner . Along with many music students of his generation , Mahler fell under the spell of Richard Wagner , though his chief interest was the sound of the music rather than the staging . It is not known whether he saw any of Wagner 's operas during his student years . 
 Deryck Cooke argues that Mahler 's popularity escalated when a new , postwar generation of music @-@ lovers arose , untainted by " the dated polemics of anti @-@ romanticism " which had affected Mahler 's reputation in the inter @-@ war years . In this more liberated age , enthusiasm for Mahler expanded even into places — Spain , France , Italy — which had long been resistant to him . Robert Carr 's simpler explanation for the 1950s Mahler revival is that " it was the long @-@ playing record [ in the early 1950s ] rather than the Zeitgeist which made a comprehensive breakthrough possible . Mahler 's work became accessible and repeatable in the home . " In the years following his centenary in 1960 , Mahler rapidly became one of the most performed and most recorded of all composers , and has largely remained thus . In Britain and elsewhere , Carr notes , the extent of Mahler performances and recordings has replaced a relative famine with a glut , bringing problems of over @-@ familiarity . Harold Schonberg comments that " it is hard to think of a composer who arouses equal loyalty " , adding that " a response of anything short of rapture to the Mahler symphonies will bring [ to the critic ] long letters of furious denunciation " . 
 The wreck of the Mary Rose was rediscovered in 1971 . It was salvaged in 1982 by the Mary Rose Trust , in one of the most complex and expensive projects in the history of maritime archaeology . The surviving section of the ship and thousands of recovered artefacts are of immeasurable value as a Tudor @-@ era time capsule . The excavation and salvage of the Mary Rose was a milestone in the field of maritime archaeology , comparable in complexity and cost only to the raising of the Swedish 17th @-@ century warship Vasa in 1961 . 
 = Tropical Depression One ( 1979 ) = 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 = = = NBC contract and marketing = = = 
 = = = " The Drop of Water " = = = 
 = = Adaptations = = 
 There are eight nursery schools , fifteen primary schools , and two secondary schools in Ashton @-@ under @-@ Lyne . In 2006 , the council began a scheme to develop education in the borough by opening six new secondary schools . Among the changes proposed as part of the £ 160M scheme was the closure of Hartshead Sports College and Stamford Community High School , to be replaced by a 1 @,@ 350 @-@ pupil academy with 300 members of sixth form . The new school is named New Charter Academy after its sponsor , the New Charter Housing Trust . In 2007 , Hartshead Sports College was placed on " special measures " after it failed to achieve its targets for General Certificate of Secondary Education results and was criticised by Ofsted for its teaching standard . Originally expected to open in September 2009 , the academy opened in September 2008 . 
 In April and June 1916 the battalion suffered casualties of well over 500 in two serious gas attacks , on both occasions when in trenches north of Wulverghem ( near Messines ) . 
 = John Leverett = 
 The lower jaw was slender and had no mandibular fenestra , a hole in the side of the lower jawbone commonly seen in archosaurs . The teeth were small but sharp , suited for its diet of small vertebrates and possibly other small animals , such as insects . Its frontmost teeth ( those on the premaxilla ) were unserrated , unlike those further back in the jaw which were flattened and more strongly recurved . Scientists have used these dental characteristics to identify Compsognathus and its closest relatives . Reisdorf and Wuttke ( 2012 ) described the taphonomical phenomena of the German specimen of Compsognathus . 
 Manstein was moved to Nuremberg in October 1945 . He was held at the Palace of Justice , the location of the Nuremberg Trials of major Nazi war criminals and organisations . While there , Manstein helped prepare a 132 @-@ page document for the defence of the General Staff and the OKW , on trial at Nuremberg in August 1946 . The myth that the Wehrmacht was " clean " — not culpable for the events of the Holocaust — arose partly as a result of this document , written largely by Manstein , along with General of Cavalry Siegfried Westphal . He also gave oral testimony about the Einsatzgruppen , the treatment of prisoners of war , and the concept of military obedience , especially as related to the Commissar Order , an order issued by Hitler in 1941 , requiring all Soviet political commissars to be shot without trial . Manstein admitted that he received the order , but said he did not carry it out . 
 = = Life = = 
 Prus ' tomb was designed by his nephew , the noted sculptor Stanisław Jackowski . On three sides it bears , respectively , the novelist 's name , Aleksander Głowacki , his years of birth and death , and his pen name , Bolesław Prus . On the fourth side is the Polish @-@ language inscription " Serce serc " ( " Heart of hearts " ) , borrowed from the Latin " Cor cordium " on the tomb of English Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley in Rome 's Protestant Cemetery . Below this inscription stands the figure of a little girl embracing the tomb — a figure emblematic of Prus ' well @-@ known empathy and affection for children . 
 Hurricane Edna was a deadly and destructive major hurricane that impacted the United States East Coast in September of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season . It was one of two hurricanes to strike Massachusetts in that year , the other being Hurricane Carol . The fifth tropical cyclone and storm of the season , as well as the fourth hurricane and second major hurricane , Edna developed from a tropical wave on September 2 . Moving towards the north @-@ northwest , Edna skirted the northern Leeward Islands as a tropical depression before turning more towards the west . The depression attained tropical storm status to the east of Puerto Rico and strengthened further to reach hurricane status by September 7 . The storm rapidly intensified and reached its peak intensity of 125 mph ( 205 km / h ) north of the Bahamas before weakening to Category 2 status near landfall in Massachusetts on September 11 . Edna transitioned into an extratropical cyclone in Atlantic Canada before its remnants dissipated in the northern Atlantic . 
 At around 02 : 00 on the morning of Monday , December 14 , 1998 , 140 KLA militants tried to illegally cross the Albanian – Yugoslav border between the outposts of Gorožup and Liken , about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) west of Pristina . They were coming from a base inside Albania , where they had been training . The subsequent ambush occurred near the village of Kušnin , just west of Prizren . The militants had been trying to illegally smuggle weapons , ammunition and supplies to be used by KLA fighters in Kosovo . A member of the KVM told reporters that the militants encountered a Yugoslav sentry post and were attacked by the guards . One of the militants was killed instantly , and the column started retreating back into Albania . As the militants turned back , they were ambushed and another 25 were killed . The bodies of five other militants were soon discovered not far from the site of the ambush , raising the KLA casualty figure to 31 . Fighting between the militants and the border guards continued for about five hours . Gunfire and explosions could reportedly be heard in three nearby villages . By 07 : 00 , a total of 36 militants had been killed , twelve were wounded and a further nine were captured . The militants who were not killed or captured either managed to flee back to Albania or were hiding along the border , according to a KVM monitor . The Yugoslavs reported they had suffered no casualties , and stated that large quantities of " modern weapons " , ammunition and supplies had been seized . 
 Critical reception to " Sunshine Days " was mixed . Aaron Kinney from Salon magazine was critical of the producers ' idea to air the entry as the penultimate episode leading up to the heavily @-@ promoted series finale . Kinney pointed out that the episode had little to do with the show 's overarching storyline , but it was nevertheless touted as part of The X @-@ Files " Endgame " promotion strategy . Jessica Morgan from Television Without Pity gave the episode a mixed review and awarded it a " C " grade . She sarcastically wrote , " nine years of mytharc to start to wrap up . And so the penultimate episode of The X @-@ Files , naturally , is devoted to The Brady Bunch . " Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson , in their book Wanting to Believe : A Critical Guide to The X @-@ Files , Millennium & The Lone Gunmen , rated the episode three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half stars out of five . The two noted that the episode " is not one of Gilligan 's very best stories " , citing issues with its tone and its characterization of Oliver Martin . The two , however , did praise Gilligan 's humanized style , writing , " he gives Scully the proof of the paranormal she 's been needing " but shows that the most important " things to care about in life " are " humans " . John Keegan from Critical Myth gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it a 7 out of 10 . He wrote , " Overall , this was a pleasant yet bittersweet episode , one that leaves the characters in relative peace . It is the first time that we get a glimpse of what the writers are thinking as the series comes to a close . Now all that 's left is the mythology , which I can only hope will end on a similarly pleasant note . " M.A. Crang , in his book Denying the Truth : Revisiting The X @-@ Files after 9 / 11 , said that " the central story falls a bit flat " , but the episode worked well as a " paean to medium of television itself " and he felt it was an appropriate vehicle for the series ' penultimate installment . 
 Borchgrevink 's account of the expedition , First on the Antarctic Continent , was published the following year ; the English edition , much of which may have been embroidered by Newnes 's staff , was criticised for its " journalistic " style and for its bragging tone . The author , whom commentators recognised was " not known for either his modesty or his tact " , embarked on a lecture tour of England and Scotland , but the reception was generally poor . 
 = = Early life = = 
 Sonia Slany – violin , string arrangements 
 The Western Allies had surrendered the initiative and the Germans would take the offensive in 1940 . Several plans were toyed with by the German General Staff . General Franz Halder , the chief of staff of the Army , presented the first plan for Fall Gelb ( " Case Yellow " ) on 19 October 1939 . The plan 's German code was Aufmarschanweisung N ° 1 , Fall Gelb , or " Deployment Instruction No. 1 , Case Yellow " . The operation was a limited operation in which Luxembourg and the Low Countries were to be conquered in order to provide a base for further operations against France at a later date and amounted to a less ambitious re @-@ run of the infamous Schlieffen Plan which failed during the First World War in 1914 . It was rejected by Adolf Hitler and at the turn of the year , Heinz Guderian 's chief of staff , Erich von Manstein secured Hitler 's attention with a modified version . An ambitious thrust through the Ardennes was suggested by von Manstein . This main attack would use up the majority of the motorised and tank divisions ( Panzer Divisions ) in a drive to the English Channel . A diversion operation in Belgium and the Netherlands would precede this thrust , to lure the Allied Armies , including the British Expeditionary Force , into a trap . 
 In December 2006 , the pupils staged a joint Christmas show with a school in Grinder , Norway , 875 kilometres ( 544 mi ) from Shapinsay . The schools used the internet to collaborate , supported by BT Group ( BT ) , which upgraded the school 's broadband connection . The finale of the show involved the Norwegian pupils singing Away in a Manger in English while the Shapinsay pupils responded with En Stjerne Skinner I Natt in Norwegian . This multilingual collaboration was somewhat easier for the Grinder pupils , who are taught English from the age of six . This collaboration was part of an ongoing relationship between the schools , whose children exchange letters and cards . Shapinsay school 's headteacher has visited the Norwegian school , and there are plans for a reciprocal visit in 2008 . 
 Arsenal competed against Nantes in the third round of the contest . At their home venue , Arsenal Stadium , they defeated the French club 3 – 0 , before recording a 3 – 3 draw at the Stade de la Beaujoire , ensuring the Gunners a 6 – 3 aggregate victory . They battled Deportivo La Coruña in the fourth round . Arsenal played at their home ground in the first match , and comprehensively beat the Spanish outfit by five goals to one , before suffering a 1 – 2 loss at Estadio Municipal de Riazor , which was still enough to take the English side to the next round on aggregate . 
 = = = = Penalty shoot @-@ out = = = = 
 Emerald was part of the fleet under Admiral James Gambier that fought the Battle of the Basque Roads in April 1809 . The French ships were anchored under the protection of the powerful batteries on the Isle d 'Aix when on 11 April Lord Cochrane led an attacking force of fireships and explosive vessels . At this time , Emerald was employed in a passive role , providing a diversion to the east of the island with the brigs Beagle , Doterel , Conflict , and Growler . The fireships met with only partial success ; the French , having anticipated such an attack , had rigged a boom across the channel . One of the explosive vessels breached the boom , leading the French to cut their cables and drift on to the shoals . 
 The arguments that led to the cancellation of the B @-@ 70 program had led some to question the need for a new strategic bomber of any sort . The U.S. Air Force was adamant about retaining bombers as part of the nuclear triad concept that included bombers , ICBMs , and submarine @-@ launched ballistic missiles ( SLBMs ) in a combined package that complicated any potential defense . They argued that the bomber was needed to attack hardened military targets and to provide a safe counterforce option because the bombers could be quickly launched into safe loitering areas where they could not be attacked . However , the introduction of the SLBM mooted the mobility and survivability argument , and a newer generation of ICBMs , such as the Minuteman III , had the accuracy and speed needed to attack point targets . During this time , ICBMs were seen as a less costly option based on their lower unit cost , but development costs were much higher . Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara preferred ICBMs over bombers for the Air Force portion of the deterrent force and felt a new expensive bomber was not needed . McNamara limited the AMSA program to studies and component development beginning in 1964 . 
 30 × CBU @-@ 103 / 104 / 105 Wind Corrected Munitions Dispenser ( WCMD ) CBUs 
 Meanwhile , Villeroi deployed his forces . In Taviers on his right , he placed two battalions of the Greder Suisse Régiment , with a smaller force forward in Franquenée ; the whole position was protected by the boggy ground of the Mehaigne river , thus preventing an Allied flanking movement . In the open country between Taviers and Ramillies , he placed 82 squadrons under General de Guiscard supported by several interleaved brigades of French , Swiss and Bavarian infantry . Along the Ramillies – Offus – Autre Eglise ridge @-@ line , Villeroi positioned Walloon and Bavarian infantry , supported by the Elector of Bavaria 's 50 squadrons of Bavarian and Walloon cavalry placed behind on the plateau of Mont St. André . Ramillies , Offus and Autre @-@ Eglise were all packed with troops and put in a state of defence , with alleys barricaded and walls loop @-@ holed for muskets . Villeroi also positioned powerful batteries near Ramillies . These guns ( some of which were of the three barrelled kind first seen at Elixheim the previous year ) enjoyed good arcs of fire , able to fully cover the approaches of the plateau of Jandrenouille over which the Allied infantry would have to pass . 
 The following musicians have performed with Blunt during his 2014 " Moon Landing " tour . 
 Rhythm Nation 1814 was recorded over a period of seven months . Its production took place at Flyte Tyme studios in Minneapolis , Minnesota , with majority of the album being recorded in the winter of 1988 . According to Jam , he , Lewis and Jackson chose to isolate themselves to compose the record . No one from A & M Records was invited to the studio to observe and label executives complied with their request . The trio co @-@ authored six of the album 's songs : " Rhythm Nation " , " State of the World " , " Alright " , " Escapade " , " Come Back to Me " and " Someday Is Tonight . " Five of the six remaining songs for the record , " The Knowledge " , " Miss You Much " , " Love Will Never Do ( Without You ) " and " Livin ' in a World ( They Didn 't Make ) " , were penned by Jam and Lewis , while " Black Cat " was written solely by Jackson . She co @-@ produced the album with Jam and Lewis , while John McClain served as executive producer ; the song " Black Cat " was produced by Jellybean Johnson . 
 The LP was produced primarily through use of synthesizers and drum machines . Prior its recording , Jam and Lewis had begun to update their equipment for Flyte Tyme studios , experimenting with different types of drum machines and keyboards . While Control had been recorded primarily using the LinnDrum machine , songs for Rhythm Nation 1814 were mostly recorded using the E @-@ mu SP @-@ 1200 , which was more commonplace for hip hop music at the time . The Oberheim OB @-@ 8 analog synthesizer , as well as those made by Sequential Circuits , were also used for mixing and recording . The only equipment utilized for the recording of Control that was also used for producing Rhythm Nation 1814 was the Ensoniq Mirage keyboard . The instrumental tracks for " Miss You Much " , " Love Will Never Do ( Without You ) " and " Escapade " were among the first to be recorded , considered to be follow @-@ ups to the " beat @-@ heavy , catchy songs " that Jackson , Jam and Lewis crafted on Control which " defined the punch and power of 1980s dance and pop music . " 
 Aside from its commercial performance , the album 's composition has continued to receive acclaim for its sonic innovation . Upon its 25th anniversary , music critic and scholar Joseph Vogel observed that when viewed " as a complete artistic statement , Rhythm Nation 1814 was a stunning achievement . It married the pleasures of pop with the street energy and edge of hip @-@ hop . " Kyle Anderson of Entertainment Weekly asserted the record " has barely aged — it sounds as rich and vital as it did when it was first released , and stylistically as contemporary as anything on the Billboard charts . " Anderson also underscores that it pioneered several musical trends , citing records by pop and R & B artists including Rihanna , Pink , Beyoncé , Frank Ocean , Gwen Stefani , The Weeknd , Lady Gaga , Jhené Aiko , Miguel , Christina Aguilera , FKA Twigs , and Tinashe that have exhibited similarities to the " landmark " album . Its single for " Alright " featuring Heavy D made Jackson the first pop artist to team with a rapper , " setting the trend for future pop and hip @-@ hop collaborations . " Additionally , " Black Cat " set a precedent for female pop stars segueing into glam metal . The album notably influenced Michael Jackson 's Dangerous ( 1991 ) and HIStory ( 1995 ) , the latter of which features the sibling 's duet " Scream " , produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis . Its impact also extends to indie and alternative rock music , with School of Seven Bells , A Sunny Day in Glasgow , and Alexis Krauss of Sleigh Bells citing the album as an influence in their work . MTV 's Brenna Ehrlich remarked : " From Beyoncé ... to Britney Spears to Robyn to Sleigh Bells , the influence of Jackson 's game @-@ changer of a record is still rippling through the radio waves ( or SoundCloud waves ) today . " 
 Following repeated heavy bombing by Allied forces during Operation Crossbow , the Germans were unable to complete the construction works and the complex never entered service . It was captured by the Allies in September 1944 , partially demolished on the orders of Winston Churchill to prevent its reuse as a military base , and then abandoned . It remained derelict until the mid @-@ 1990s . In 1997 it opened to the public for the first time , as a museum . Exhibits in the tunnels and under the dome tell the story of the German occupation of France during World War II , the V @-@ weapons and the history of space exploration . 
 The film ran into some trouble with Joseph Breen of the Production Code Administration ( the Hollywood self @-@ censorship body ) , who opposed the suggestions that Captain Renault extorted sexual favors from his supplicants , and that Rick and Ilsa had slept together in Paris . Extensive changes were made , with several lines of dialogue removed or altered . All direct references to sex were deleted ; Renault 's selling of visas for sex , and Rick and Ilsa 's previous sexual relationship were implied elliptically rather than referenced explicitly . Also , in the original script , when Sam plays " As Time Goes By " , Rick remarks , " What the — — are you playing ? " This line implying a curse word was removed at the behest of the Hays Office . 
 " Avalon " , music and lyrics by Al Jolson , Buddy DeSylva and Vincent Rose 
 Between 2003 and 2009 , a Howard Staunton Memorial Tournament was held at Simpson 's @-@ in @-@ the @-@ Strand , London , a restaurant which Staunton regularly visited in the 19th century to play and discuss chess ( it was then a coffee house known as " The Divan " or " Simpson 's Divan " ) . The 2008 tournament was the strongest to be held in London since 1986 . 
 " Adolf Anderssen et al. vs Howard Staunton et al . , 1857 , in Manchester " . Staunton 's team adopts a Hippopotamus formation , opens the center to start a queenside attack , and uses a couple of small sacrificial combinations to halt Anderssen 's kingside attack and gain a decisive material advantage . 
 West Honaker was built in 1920 for the USSB , as a part of the West boats , a series of steel @-@ hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort , and was the 28th ship built at Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company in San Pedro , California . In 1926 , West Honaker was outfitted with diesel engines that replaced her original steam engines as part of a pilot program by the USSB . After her conversion , she sailed on a New York – Australia route . On her second trip to Australia , from August 1927 to March 1928 , she became the first diesel ship to circumnavigate the globe . In 1929 , she began sailing for an around @-@ the @-@ world cargo service from the Pacific coast to South Africa 
 = = = Passenger = = = 
 = = = First three novels ( 1991 – 2000 ) = = = 
 = = Charts = = 
 Haley Farm State Park has a 0 @.@ 8 mile bike trail that is part of a larger 7 @.@ 5 mile bikeway from Mystic to Groton . The park also supports jogging and hiking activities . Both the soil and bike trails are listed as " easy " difficulty by America 's State Parks website . As with other state parks , motorbikes are illegal and are not permitted to be used . Hunting and shooting is not allowed in the park as it is close to residences and a high school . The facilities only include pit toilets . 
 The shoreline was still at a higher altitude than today , with the Sisimiut valley east of the Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay , partially under sea . Many artifacts and graves from the several centuries of permanent settlement remain scattered in the region . Rich in fauna , the coastal region from Sisimiut to Kangaamiut was particularly attractive for migrants , and due to a large number of historical artifacts it is currently listed as a candidate for the UNESCO World Heritage Site , with the application received in 2003 . 
 Special effects for the finale episodes — and series as a whole — were completed by Entity FX . The company produced nearly 80 different visual effects shots for the episode , which were created in the Entity FX facilities in Vancouver , Canada , and Santa Monica , California , with addition supervision in Vancouver . Mat Beck , owner of the company , later explained that the company was in charge of " work [ ing ] this magic " on several minutes of screen time , during which hardly any photography had been filmed . The episode also made use of practical effects , such as how Lex Luthor 's bald head was created . Unlike Rosenbaum 's previous appearances , the actor decided to opt for a bald cap to cover his hair , arriving at this decision both because it had taken four months for his hair to grow back and because he was working on other projects that required him to have hair . 
 The Supreme Court of Van Diemen 's Land was established by The Royal Letters Patent of 13 October 1823 and commenced activities on 10 May 1824 , with Baker as its inaugural crier . This would be Baker 's last and longest occupation . In February 1836 he received his first pay rise since becoming crier , being granted an extra £ 20 . A contemporary reference applauded Baker 's respectable appearance as crier but noted that he was " in the habit of sometimes getting tipsy " while performing his tasks . 
 = Gennady Yanayev = 
 " The Arsenal of Freedom " is the 21st episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , originally aired on April 11 , 1988 , in broadcast syndication . The teleplay was written by Richard Manning and Hans Beimler , based on a story by Beimler . The episode was directed by Les Landau . 
 On 18 November , the French police publicly appealed for information leading to Shaftesbury 's whereabouts and on 22 November , they opened a formal criminal inquiry . Anthony Nils , eldest son of the 10th Earl of Shaftesbury was regularly in touch with the police following his father 's disappearance , and travelled to Nice to confer with French authorities there . The Rev David Paskins of the Wimborne St Giles parish church said , " Everyone is anxious and concerned — it 's the unknown that is worrying . Lady Shaftesbury [ Christina ] is very concerned . " 
 = = Royal ancestry = = 
 At the turn of the 20th century , a 1904 analysis of great poetry by Stephen Gwynn claimed , " above and before all [ of Keats 's poems are ] the three odes , To a Nightingale , On a Grecian Urn , and To Autumn . Among these odes criticism can hardly choose ; in each of them the whole magic of poetry seems to be contained . " Sidney Colvin , in his 1917 biography , pointed out that " the ode To Autumn [ ... ] opens up no such far @-@ reaching avenues to the mind and soul of the reader as the odes To a Grecian Urn , To a Nightingale , or On Melancholy , but in execution is more complete and faultless than any of them . " Following this in a 1934 analysis of Romantic poetry , Margaret Sherwood stated that the poem was " a perfect expression of the phase of primitive feeling and dim thought in regard to earth processes when these are passing into a thought of personality . " 
 = = = 1 = = = 
 In the fall of 2003 , Usher submitted his fourth studio album , Confessions ( 2004 ) , to his record label Arista Records . However , when the singer and the company 's then @-@ president L.A. Reid listened to the songs , Reid felt the album lacked a song that had the potential to be released as the album 's lead single . In light of this , Usher was told to record a few more tracks , and so he enlisted American rapper @-@ producer Lil Jon to aid in musical production . Lil Jon recalled " He [ Usher ] needed a single . They had ' Burn ' , ' Burn ' was hot , but they needed that first powerful monster . That 's when I came in . " 
 Mittnabotåget start at Heimdal and operate northwards via Trondheim S to Hell , where they branch off and follow the Meråker Line . In Stjørdal , it serves Hegra before entering Meråker , where it serves the villages at Meråker and Kopperå before reaching the Swedish border at Storlien . Here the services continues along the Central Line , where stops are made at Enafors , Ånn , Duved , Åre , Undersåker , Järpen , Krokom , Östersund West and Östersund Central Station . 
 Runners @-@ up : 1899 – 1900 , 1904 – 05 , 1910 – 11 , 1934 – 35 
 Mamie Till Bradley testified that she instructed her son to watch his manners in Mississippi and that should a situation ever come to his being asked to get on his knees to ask forgiveness of a white person , he should do it without a thought . The defense questioned her identification of her son in the casket in Chicago and a $ 400 life insurance policy she had taken out on him . 
 In the concluding statements , one prosecuting attorney admitted that what Till did was wrong , but it warranted a spanking , not murder . Gerald Chatham passionately called for justice and mocked the sheriff and doctor 's statements that alluded to a conspiracy . Mamie Bradley indicated she was very impressed with his summation . The defense stated that the prosecution 's theory of the events the night Till was murdered were improbable , and said the jury 's " forefathers would turn over in their graves " if they convicted Bryant and Milam . Only three outcomes were possible in Mississippi for capital murder : life imprisonment , the death penalty , or acquittal . On September 23 the all @-@ white jury acquitted both defendants after a 67 @-@ minute deliberation ; one juror said , " If we hadn 't stopped to drink pop , it wouldn 't have taken that long . " 
 On July 27 , 2015 , in an interview with MetalSucks , Cazares confirmed that he is the only remaining member of Divine Heresy and the band is currently inactive due to his commitments with Fear Factory . 
 After mismanagement during the late 1980s , Hibs were on the brink of financial ruin in 1990 . Wallace Mercer , the chairman of Hearts , proposed a merger of the two clubs , but the Hibs fans believed that the proposal was more like a hostile takeover . They formed the Hands off Hibs group to campaign for the continued existence of the club . This succeeded when a prominent local businessman , Kwik @-@ Fit owner Sir Tom Farmer , acquired a controlling interest in Hibs . The fans were able to persuade Farmer to take control despite the fact that he had no great interest in football . Farmer was persuaded in part by the fact that a relative of his had been involved in the rescue of Hibs from financial ruin in the early 1890s . After the attempted takeover by Mercer , Hibs had a few good years in the early 1990s , winning the 1991 Scottish League Cup Final and finishing in the top five in the league in 1993 , 1994 and 1995 . Soon after Alex McLeish was appointed as manager in 1998 , Hibs were relegated to the First Division , but immediately won promotion back to the SPL in 1999 . 
 Highest average home attendance : 30 @,@ 700 in the 1951 – 52 season 
 Cẩn 's influence began to wane after his elder brother Ngô Đình Thục was appointed the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Huế . Thục overshadowed Cẩn and aggressively promoted Catholicism , which led to the banning of the Buddhist flag in 1963 during Vesak , the celebration of the birthday of Gautama Buddha . Cẩn 's forces opened fire on a crowd who were protesting the ban , killing nine and precipitating the Buddhist crisis . Ongoing demonstrations intensified throughout the summer as the regime responded with increased brutality , sparking the toppling of the Diem regime in a November 1963 coup . Cẩn had been offered asylum by the US Department of State , but ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge , Jr. had CIA agent Lucien Conein arrest the fallen Ngô in Saigon . Cẩn was turned over to the military junta , which tried and executed him in 1964 . 
 Manchester City were appearing in the final for the ninth time . They had won the cup four times previously ( in 1904 , 1934 , 1956 and 1969 ) , and had been beaten in the final four times ( in 1926 , 1933 , 1955 and 1981 ) . Stoke City were making their first appearance in the final . Their previous best was participation in the semi @-@ finals , which had occurred three times . 
 Biology is a natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms , including their structure , function , growth , evolution , distribution , identification and taxonomy . Modern biology is a vast and eclectic field , composed of many branches and subdisciplines . However , despite the broad scope of biology , there are certain general and unifying concepts within it that govern all study and research , consolidating it into single , coherent field . In general , biology recognizes the cell as the basic unit of life , genes as the basic unit of heredity , and evolution as the engine that propels the synthesis and creation of new species . It is also understood today that all the organisms survive by consuming and transforming energy and by regulating their internal environment to maintain a stable and vital condition known as homeostasis . 
 = Hochtief = 
 The depression continued moving towards the west as it gradually strengthened . On September 16 , the system attained tropical storm status and was designated Eloise ; accordingly , the first advisory on the system was issued by the San Juan Weather Bureau office . While in the vicinity of a strengthening anticyclone aloft , Eloise became better organized , and the storm rapidly intensified and reached Category 1 hurricane status 18 hours after being named . The cyclone soon made landfall on the Dominican Republic , inhibiting further development . Although initially predicted to remain north of land , the storm moved across northern Hispaniola and then tracked across southeastern Cuba . After 36 hours with much of its circulation over mountainous terrain , Eloise deteriorated to a tropical storm on September 17 . 
 " Impossible Is Nothing " was written by Iggy Azalea , The Invisible Men , Jon Turner , and Jon Mills of The Arcade for Azalea 's debut studio album , The New Classic ( 2014 ) . It contains an interpolation of " Proust " by French @-@ Lebanese composer Gabriel Yared . The song was produced by The Invisible Men and The Arcade , while the " Proust " recreation was produced by Richard Adlam and Hol Ritson . Azalea recorded her vocals at Grove Studios in London , and Conway Studios in Los Angeles where the mixing process was completed by Anthony Kilhoffer — with the assistance of Kyle Ross — at The Mix Spot . 
 In Saggers ' last three matches before the First Test , he conceded 36 byes and made six dismissals . In contrast , Tallon conceded 18 byes in his only match and scored 27 . Despite averaging more byes per innings than Saggers during the warm @-@ up matches , N- Tallon was retained in the Test team . He took four catches and conceded 17 byes as Australia won by eight wickets . 
 The film released worldwide on 13 February 2015 to positive reviews from critics who praised the principal cast 's performances and criticised few portions of the film for being predictable and repetitive . The film was a commercial success , grossing ₹ 743 million and collecting a share of ₹ 431 million in its lifetime . The film also released in Japan on 28 February 2015 . 
 = = = Principal photography = = = 
 In 1891 , Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company was formed , consolidating many of the smaller mills into one corporate entity . Between 1880 and 1930 , Minneapolis led the nation in flour production , earning it the nickname " Mill City " . Minneapolis surpassed Budapest as the world 's leading flour miller in 1884 , and production stood at about 7 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 US dry barrels ( 810 @,@ 000 m3 ) annually in 1890 . In 1900 , Minneapolis mills were grinding 14 @.@ 1 percent of the nation 's grain , and in 1915 – 16 , flour production hit its peak at 20 @,@ 443 @,@ 000 US dry barrels ( 2 @,@ 363 @,@ 800 m3 ) annually . 
 The front root is larger than the back one . In side view , the upper and back margins are straight , but the front margin is convex . There are eight cusps arranged in a row on the upper margin , the first of which is located about one third of the tooth 's length from the front margin . Only the last is slightly worn , indicating that the tooth is from a young animal . Long ridges extend from the cusps diagonally toward the front on both the lingual and labial ( outer ) sides of the tooth . The first seven ridges on both sides are connected to the respective cusps , but the eighth ridges do not quite reach their cusp . On both sides of the tooth , there is also a small ridge behind the eighth ridge that extends to the back margin ; these ridges are called the posterolabial and posterolingual ridge . An even smaller ridge is located below the ridge on the lingual side . 
 In 1959 , Luba @-@ Lulua animosity was brought to a head by the discovery of a colonial proposal to move Luba farmers out of Lulua land to the less fertile land on Luba territory . As a result , animosity rose and violent clashes broke out . In August 1959 , Luba demonstrations against the plan which were violently repressed by the colonial military and police . 
 I never should have become P.M. if I hadn 't had Annie to help me . It isn 't only that she charms every one into good humour & makes them think that a man can 't be so bad who has a wife like that ... But besides all this she has softened & smoothed my natural impatience and dislike of anything with a whiff of humbug about it and I know she has saved me from making an impression of hardness that was not intended . " 
 Accounting research is carried out both by academic researchers and by practicing accountants . Academic accounting research addresses all areas of the accounting profession , and examines issues using the scientific method ; it uses evidence from a variety of sources including financial information , experiments , and computer simulations . 
 The Duke 's return to favour under the House of Hanover enabled him to preside over the defeat of the 1715 Jacobite rising from London ( although it was his former assistant , Cadogan , who directed the operations ) . But his health was fading , and on 28 May 1716 ( O.S. ) , shortly after the death of his daughter Anne , Countess of Sunderland , he suffered a paralytic stroke at Holywell House . This was followed by another , more severe stroke in November , this time at a house on the Blenheim estate . The Duke recovered somewhat , but while his speech had become impaired his mind remained clear , recovering enough to ride out to watch the builders at work on Blenheim Palace and attend the Lords to vote for Oxford 's impeachment . 
 = = Formats and track listings = = 
 In October 2007 , Arcade Fire created a website at beonlineb.com with the date October 6 displayed on it . After speculation over what the website was about , including rumors of new material or a live streaming of a concert , it was eventually revealed to be a video for " Neon Bible " , featuring Win Butler 's face and hands , which the viewer can interact with during the song . " Neon Bible " was the first song on the album to have a music video . 
 On 4 April , with only five dissenting votes , the Convention formulated two documents , the Claim of Right and the Articles of Grievances . These suggested that James had forfeited the crown by his actions ( in contrast to England , which relied on the legal fiction of an abdication ) and offered it to William and Mary . On 11 May they accepted the Crown of Scotland as co @-@ regents , as William II and Mary II . The principles of the two documents were that no Roman Catholic could hold the crown or any other office , that the royal prerogative could not override the law , that parliament should meet frequently and that it should be able to debate freely ( that is without the interference of the Committee of Articles ) and that there could only be taxation with the consent of parliament . They also condemned episcopacy as an " insupportable grievance and trouble to this nation " . A proposal for union between the kingdoms was discussed , but dropped because of opposition from the English parliament . As in England , the convention was then converted into a regular parliament on 5 June 1689 . 
 = = Achievements = = 
 Qualified for the next round as a fastest loser or , in field events , by position without achieving the qualifying target 
 = = Behavior = = 
 In 1990 , the Rwandan Patriotic Front ( RPF ) , a rebel group composed mostly of Tutsi refugees , invaded northern Rwanda , initiating the Rwandan Civil War . Neither side was able to gain a decisive advantage in the war , but by 1992 it had weakened Habyarimana 's authority ; mass demonstrations forced him into a coalition with the domestic opposition and eventually to sign the 1993 Arusha Accords with the RPF . The cease @-@ fire ended on 6 April 1994 when Habyarimana 's plane was shot down near Kigali Airport , killing him . The shooting down of the plane served as the catalyst for the Rwandan Genocide , which began within a few hours . Over the course of approximately 100 days , between 500 @,@ 000 and 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 Tutsi and politically moderate Hutu were killed in well @-@ planned attacks on the orders of the interim government . Many Twa were also killed , despite not being directly targeted . The Tutsi RPF restarted their offensive , and took control of the country methodically , gaining control of the whole country by mid @-@ July . The international response to the genocide was limited , with major powers reluctant to strengthen the already overstretched UN peacekeeping force . When the RPF took over , approximately two million Hutu fled to neighbouring countries , in particular Zaïre , fearing reprisals ; additionally , the RPF @-@ led army was a key belligerent in the First and Second Congo Wars . Within Rwanda , a period of reconciliation and justice began , with the establishment of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ( ICTR ) and the reintroduction of Gacaca , a traditional village court system . Since 2000 Rwanda 's economy , tourist numbers , and Human Development Index have grown rapidly ; between 2006 and 2011 the poverty rate reduced from 57 % to 45 % , while life expectancy rose from 46 @.@ 6 years in 2000 to 59 @.@ 7 years in 2015 . 
 There are 670 bird species in Rwanda , with variation between the east and the west . Nyungwe Forest , in the west , has 280 recorded species , of which 26 are endemic to the Albertine Rift ; endemic species include the Ruwenzori turaco and handsome francolin . Eastern Rwanda , by contrast , features savanna birds such as the black @-@ headed gonolek and those associated with swamps and lakes , including storks and cranes . 
 Directed pseudoforests and endofunctions are in some sense mathematically equivalent . Any function ƒ from a set X to itself ( that is , an endomorphism of X ) can be interpreted as defining a directed pseudoforest which has an edge from x to y whenever ƒ ( x ) 
 12 Squadron 1964 @-@ 1967 , moved in from Coningsby in 1964 until it disbanded in 1967 . 
 Nikephoros was born in the late 750s ( circa 756 / 758 ) to Emperor Constantine V and his third wife Eudokia . Nikephoros was Constantine 's third son overall , following the future Leo IV , who was born 750 to Constantine 's first wife Irene of Khazaria , and Christopher , who was born in circa 755 to Eudokia . Either Christopher or Nikephoros were possibly twin brothers to Eudokia 's and Constantine 's only daughter , Anthousa . On April 1 , 769 , Eudokia was crowned as Augusta , and on the same occasion Christopher and Nikephoros were crowned and raised to the rank of Caesar , while their younger brother Niketas was made Nobilissimus . Nikephoros had two other younger brothers , Anthimos and Eudokimos , who were also named Nobilissimi at later dates . 
 Penn State 's defense had excelled in their first two games , but regressed significantly against Central Florida , particularly with poor tackling , which some attributed to their practice strategy of " thud " tackling , in which one does not actually take a player to the ground , instead making a " thud " to stop a player . Several media outlets speculated that the Lions used this due to their lack of scholarship players in the wake of sanctions imposed due to the Penn State child sex abuse scandal . Defensive coordinator John Butler renounced that assertion , commenting he employed " thud " when he coached at South Carolina . Penn State 's linebackers were also criticized ; Glenn Carson and Nyeem Wartman received criticism for not being as strong as the 2012 team 's Michael Mauti and Gerald Hodges . In addition , 2012 Big Ten Freshman of the Year defensive end Deion Barnes " barely wreaked any havoc " , and DaQuan Jones , whose strong play had previously compensated for Barnes ' weak play , was held to just five tackles . The offense , however , was considered a " bright spot " ; they gained 455 total yards , though receiver Allen Robinson commented that a fast start would have helped them gain more early momentum : " We are in the Big Ten playing against some great offenses and people are going to put points up early , so we need to get going early and start off fast . " Freshman quarterback Christian Hackenberg earned Big Ten Freshman of the Week accolades for the second time in the first three weeks of the season . 
 Following a brief absence from television , The Miz returned to SmackDown ! to host an interview segment called Miz TV . After the unsuccessful segment , The Miz returned to in @-@ ring competition with a more intense style and began to pick up wins once again . On the June 11 , 2007 episode of Raw , Mizanin faced off against Snitsky in a match to determine a draft pick for SmackDown ! . Snitsky easily defeated The Miz to give ECW the draft pick , but after constantly assaulting The Miz after the match , the referee reversed the decision and awarded the match to Miz , thus allowing SmackDown ! a draft pick . SmackDown ! ' s pick was then revealed to be Chris Masters . 
 Australia 's leadership changed again during the Borneo Campaign . Prime Minister Curtin suffered a heart attack in November 1944 and Deputy Prime Minister Frank Forde acted in his place until 22 January 1945 . Curtin was hospitalised with another bout of illness in April 1945 and Treasurer Ben Chifley became acting Prime Minister as Forde was attending the San Francisco Conference . Curtin died on 5 July 1945 and Forde was sworn in as Prime Minister . Forde did not have the support of his party , however , and was replaced by Chifley after a leadership ballot was held on 13 July . 
 = SMS Freya = 
 371st Independent Infantry Battalion 
 The 1999 FA Charity Shield ( also known as the One 2 One FA Charity Shield for sponsorship reasons ) was the 77th FA Charity Shield , an annual English football match played between the winners of the previous season 's Premier League and FA Cup competitions . The teams involved were Manchester United , who had won both the Premier League and FA Cup as part of the Treble the previous season , and Arsenal , who finished runners @-@ up in the league . Watched by a crowd of 70 @,@ 185 at Wembley Stadium , Arsenal won the match 2 – 1 . 
 = = = Prior to incorporation = = = 
 Indonesia is second only to Australia in terms of total endemic species , with 36 % of its 1 @,@ 531 species of bird and 39 % of its 515 species of mammal being endemic . Indonesia 's 80 @,@ 000 kilometres ( 50 @,@ 000 miles ) of coastline are surrounded by tropical seas that contribute to the country 's high level of biodiversity . Indonesia has a range of sea and coastal ecosystems , including beaches , sand dunes , estuaries , mangroves , coral reefs , seagrass beds , coastal mudflats , tidal flats , algal beds , and small island ecosystems . Indonesia is one of Coral Triangle countries with the world 's greatest diversity of coral reef fish with more than 1 @,@ 650 species in eastern Indonesia only . 
 = = = Independence = = = 
 In the United Kingdom , " Battlefield " debuted at number 21 on June 20 , 2009 , and peaked at number 11 the following week . On the Irish Singles Chart , the song debuted and peaked at number nine on 25 June 2009 . On August 1 , 2009 , it entered The Netherlands Single Top 100 chart at number 81 . The following week , it ascended to its peak position at number 51 . In Switzerland , " Battlefield " debuted and peaked at number 81 on August 2 , 2009 . On the Swedish Singles Chart , it debuted at number 54 on August 21 , 2009 . The following week , the song peaked at number 39 and spent three weeks on the chart . In Austria , " Battlefield " reached number 47 . 
 Drinking more than one drink a day for women or two drinks for men increases the risk of heart disease , high blood pressure , atrial fibrillation , and stroke . Risk is greater in younger people due to binge drinking which may result in violence or accidents . About 3 @.@ 3 million deaths ( 5 @.@ 9 % of all deaths ) are believed to be due to alcohol each year . Alcoholism reduces a person 's life expectancy by around ten years and alcohol use is the third leading cause of early death in the United States . No professional medical association recommends that people who are nondrinkers should start drinking wine . 
 In the late 1990s , Kemp remained outspoken on political issues : he was critical of Clinton 's International Monetary Fund lax policies toward South Korea . In early 1998 , he was a serious contender for the 2000 United States presidential election , but his campaign possibilities faltered , and he instead endorsed eventual winner George W. Bush . Kemp continued his political advocacy for reform of taxation , Social Security and education . When a 1997 budget surplus was earmarked for debt repayment , Kemp opposed the plan in favor of tax cuts . Along with John Ashcroft and Alan Krueger , he endorsed reform of payroll taxes to eliminate double taxation . In addition to his fiscal and economic policies , Kemp advocated against abortion when Congress was considering a bill banning intact dilation and extractions . He also advocated for retired NFL veterans on issues such as cardiovascular screening , assisted living , disability benefits , and the 2007 joint replacement program . He argued in support of reforming immigration laws . In the late 1990s , Kemp also was a vocal advocate for free market reform in Africa , arguing that the continent had great economic growth potential if it could shed autocratic and statist governmental policies . 
 = = Government and politics = = 
 In May 2010 , a bug was discovered by İnci Sözlük that could allow a Twitter user to force others to follow them without the other users ' consent or knowledge . For example , comedian Conan O 'Brien 's account , which had been set to follow only one person , was changed to receive nearly 200 malicious subscriptions . 
 Since airing , the episode has received mostly positive reviews from television critics . The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , wrote : " Good fun , with both Patty and Selma gaining a degree of humanity . Bart makes very good use of his new @-@ found freedom as Skinner 's pseudo @-@ in @-@ law , much to the annoyance of Groundskeeper Willie , making his first appearance . " DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson wrote : " Many shows might have trouble concentrating on secondary characters like Skinner and Patty , but this episode worked nicely . Though the romantic tone could have become sappy , the program managed to stay on the right side of that equation , and it expanded the characters well . " Doug Pratt , a DVD reviewer and Rolling Stone contributor , wrote that " the [ episode ] is heavily character orientated but poignantly comical " . A member of the IGN staff wrote in a season two review : " There are some real winners to be found in the second season , and I was actually surprised at some of the episodes in the collection because I thought they were later in the series , like [ ... ] ' Principal Charming ' , where Skinner falls for Patty . " 
 = = = WarioWare series = = = 
 A February 1775 address to King George III , by both houses of Parliament , declared that a state of rebellion existed : 
 Under Wilson 's premiership , the House of Commons voted for Government Bills to ban hare coursing in 1969 and 1975 , but neither passed the House of Lords to become law . In 2002 , the Scottish Parliament passed the Protection of Wild Mammals ( Scotland ) Act , which banned hare coursing in Scotland . In 2004 the British Parliament passed the Hunting Act , which banned hare coursing as well as other forms of hunting with hounds with effect from 18 February 2005 . Prosecutions were successful against two hare coursers in 2008 and against two Yorkshire landowners in 2009 . The private prosecution brought against the organisers of the March 2007 North Yorkshire event organised by a Field Trialling Club clarified in September 2009 that hare coursing is still an illegal activity under the Hunting Act 2004 even if the dogs used are muzzled . 
 = = Formats and track listing = = 
 According to Liddell 's initial 1974 claims , since the eleventh century the Pickingill family had been priests of a pre @-@ Christian , pagan religion devoted to the worship of the Horned God . In this , his claims fitted within the historical framework of the discredited witch @-@ cult hypothesis as propagated in the works of Margaret Murray . Later he added that the " medieval witch cult " was influenced by the " tenets " of the Iron Age druids , in particular their knowledge of ley lines which were marked out by the stone circles erected in the Neolithic and Bronze Ages . Conflicting with these ideas , in 1998 Liddell personally informed Hutton that the witch @-@ cult did not derive from ancient pre @-@ Christian religion but that it instead had been founded in fifteenth @-@ century France , emerging from a union between Christian heretics , cunning lodges , and a cult of Lucifer founded by Islamic Moors with the intent of undermining Christianity . 
 = = = Stand by Me = = = 
 = = = Literary = = = 
 On October 11 , 2015 , an area of disturbed weather traversed Central America and emerged over the eastern Pacific Ocean . The disturbance moved slowly over the next few days , later merging with a tropical wave on October 15 . The merger of these systems and the effects of a concurrent Tehuantepec gap wind event spurred the formation of a broad area of low pressure . This feature gradually consolidated and became a tropical depression shortly after 00 : 00 UTC on October 20 ; at this time the depression was situated roughly 205 mi ( 335 km ) south @-@ southeast of Salina Cruz , Mexico . A mid @-@ level ridge to the north steered the depression generally west and later pulled it north along an arcing path . 
 Main bearing ball : tungsten carbide 
 Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music wrote a positive review of the song and rated it four out of five stars . He wrote , " So , essentially doing a song like this is rocky ground , but the good news is that Demi generally comes across as the kind of bright , scrappy , girl @-@ next @-@ door type , so it doesn 't sound quite so preposterous when she insists that she 's still quite normal , really . " McAlpine concluded his review , writing , " You can almost hear the paparazzi cameras going off as she 's singing . [ ... ] Of course , the only thing she has to worry about now is that having made this very public declaration , if she slips up for a second , we 'll all be watching ... " Judy Coleman of The Boston Globe said that Lovato shows " her Gen @-@ Y stripes " , and " forcibly rhymes ' everything 's the same ' with ' the La @-@ La land machine ' – pronounced , of course , ' ma @-@ SHAYN ' . " Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic noted it as one of the best tracks on Don 't Forget . Ed Masley of The Arizona Republic included " La La Land " at number eight on his " Top 10 from the Disney girls " list , and wrote , " Are Disney girls just naturally plagued by insecurity or is it all a plot to seem more real ? Like Miley 's " Party in U.S.A. , " this song is all about how out of place Lovato feels in La La Land . " 
 The earliest date that appears on Ruisdael 's paintings and etchings is 1646 . Two years after this date he was admitted to membership of the Haarlem Guild of St. Luke . By this time landscape paintings were as popular as history paintings in Dutch households , though at the time of Ruisdael 's birth , history paintings appeared far more frequently . This growth in popularity of landscapes continued throughout Ruisdael 's career . 
 Patton deliberately cultivated a flashy , distinctive image in the belief that this would inspire his troops . He carried an ivory @-@ gripped , engraved , silver @-@ plated Colt Single Action Army .45 revolver on his right hip , and frequently wore an ivory @-@ gripped Smith & Wesson Model 27 .357 Magnum on his left hip . He was usually seen wearing a highly polished helmet , riding pants , and high cavalry boots . Likewise , Patton cultivated a stern expression he called his " war face . " He was known to oversee training maneuvers from atop a tank painted red , white and blue . His jeep bore oversized rank placards on the front and back , as well as a klaxon horn which would loudly announce his approach from afar . He proposed a new uniform for the emerging Tank Corps , featuring polished buttons , a gold helmet , and thick , dark padded suits ; the proposal was derided in the media as " the Green Hornet , " and was rejected by the Army . 
 " Beautiful " is a ballad with a length of four minutes and twenty @-@ one seconds . It is set in the key of G major and has a moderate tempo of 69 beats per minute , with a vocal range spanning from D4 @-@ B5 . Lyrically , the song is about self @-@ worth and the love of God , specifically aimed at young women and daughters . However , the song also has a broader theme ; Millard noted in an interview that that " All of us have felt unlovable at some point . At times , I feel worthless . I have an argument with a friend , all that I ’ ve come to like about myself is suddenly falling apart . Who can love me if I don ’ t even like myself ? It ’ s hard to drag ourselves out of this way of thinking . We are taught to live according to these expectations . We think we need approval and accomplishment to validate our lives . But what does God tell us ? He says , “ You ’ re beautiful . You are made for so much more than all of this . ” He loves us , even in our failings " . 
 The episode received generally positive reviews . Margaret Lyons of Entertainment Weekly praised the episode , comparing it positively to previous episodes " Casino Night " and " Booze Cruise " : " not as heavy or emotional , certainly , but still a chance to see our Dunderheads in a charming and demonstrative not @-@ quite @-@ work environment . " Lyons also complimented a number of changes in the series the episode seemed to indicate , including shifting allegiances , goodwill where there used to be bad and a possible budding romance between Andy and Kelly . Alan Sepinwall , television journalist with The Star @-@ Ledger , said the episode , " started off seeming like a dumb and pointless idea before gradually revealing itself to be a fun , and even welcome , diversion . " Sepinwall said the episode was not as funny as other recent ones , but that he enjoyed seeing the characters interact this way together , and particularly liked seeing Dwight and Phyllis bond , " even as he treated her like a racehorse " . Josh McAuliffe of The Times @-@ Tribune in Scranton , Pennsylvania , described the episode as " a wacky and wonderful little gem , one of those rare ones where it was just wall @-@ to @-@ wall happy , giddy fun , with not a drop of pathos , except for maybe Michael whining about having to eat lunch by himself . " McAuliffe also said he was glad to see Erin 's " cheerful , appealingly goofy personality " continue to emerge . 
 The retreat quickly broke down into a confused and disorganized rout . Task Force Smith suffered its highest casualties during this withdrawal as its soldiers were most exposed to enemy fire . The surviving members of Task Force Smith reached Battery A 's position . The artillerymen disabled the five remaining howitzers by removing their sights and breechblocks and retired in good order with the remains of the Task Force on foot to the northern outskirts of Osan , where most of the unit 's hidden transport vehicles were found intact . The vehicles , unmolested by the North Korean forces , departed for Pyongtaek and Cheonan , picking up stragglers along the way , eventually joining units of the 24th Infantry Division that had established a second line of defense . 
 = Master of Puppets = 
 To correct this , the syndicate were forced to reduce the flow of diamonds from British Guiana , which they did by getting Oppenheimer to reduce the price of Guianan diamonds to the point where the company output dropped from 2 @,@ 000 carats ( 0 @.@ 40 kg ) a month to less than 300 carats ( 0 @.@ 060 kg ) per month . Oppenheimer then claimed that the profits were only five percent , forcing the company to reduce the price yet again . As a result of this the company was forced into liquidation in September 1927 . 
 In interviews , Sacramone alluded to retiring after the 2008 Beijing Olympics . She confirmed her retirement in February 2009 during an interview at a Boston Bruins game . 
 The spectral properties of the halo ring are different from the main ring . The flux distribution in the range 0 @.@ 5 – 2 @.@ 5 μm is flatter than in the main ring ; the halo is not red and may even be blue . 
 The film contains live performances of twenty one songs along with a new song , " God Made You Beautiful " , written by Australian singer @-@ songwriter Sia Furler . Several short excerpts of the performances found on the concert film are also featured in Life Is But a Dream itself . The film opens with Beyoncé appearing in front of a large screen with her silhouette being seen . As the music of " End of Time " starts , she performs a choreography with her female dancers and French duo Les Twins on stage further singing the song 's lyrics . " Get Me Bodied " follows with a similarly choreographed performance and for the third song " Baby Boy " , the singer dances with her background dancers in front of a holographic background performing a Dutty Wine dance at the end . " Crazy in Love " and " Diva " are featured as the fourth and fifth song respectively . " Naughty Girl " is preceded by a video projection with a voice @-@ over by Beyoncé talking about female sexuality . A snippet of Donna Summer 's " Love to Love You Baby " is interpolated within it and the singer performs the song with her female dancers . She continues with " Party " for which a prominent Las Vegas showgirl theme is featured . 
 In 2011 , he was inducted into the New York Giants Ring of Honor . 
 He twice refused the Nigerian honour Commander of the Federal Republic , in 2004 and 2011 , saying : 
 = = Siege of Yorktown = = 
 With his two parachute brigades and the commando brigade heavily engaged Major General Richard Gale contacted I Corps for armour support . He had decided to clear the woods at Le Mariquet of Germans . The objective was given to the 7th Parachute Battalion and ' B ' Squadron 13th / 18th Royal Hussars . The tanks would advance over the open ground , their only cover being crashed gliders . Meanwhile , ' A ' and ' B ' Company 's would clear the woods . In the fighting the only British casualties were ten wounded in the parachute battalion , but eight men from the Hussars were killed and four Sherman and two Stuart tanks were destroyed . The Germans from the 857th Grenadier Regiment , had twenty killed and 100 men surrendered , and were driven out of the woods . 
 = = = Test cricket = = = 
 = = = Playing style and career summary = = = 
 Named to the Second All @-@ Star Team in 1966 – 67 ( his only full season when he did not make the First Team , as a rookie ) 
 Alvin Snyder , the director of worldwide television for the United States Information Agency , was the producer of the video shown to the U.N. Security Council on September 6 , 1983 . In an article in the Washington Post on September 1 , 1996 , he stated that he had been given only limited access to the transcripts of the Soviet communication when he produced the video in 1983 . When he received full insight into the Soviet transmissions in 1993 , he says he realised that : " The Russians ( sic ) believed the plane to be an RC @-@ 135 reconnaissance plane " and that " Osipovich ( the Soviet fighter pilot ) could not identify the plane " and " That he fired warning cannon shots and tipped his wings , an international signal to force the plane to land " . Some of these statements were contradicted by the pilot in an interview with The New York Times , in which he confirmed that he did fire warning shots , but that they would not have been visible as they were not tracers . 
 According to a report by global consulting firm KPMG , " Ranked according to size of investment , the top five industry sectors for foreign investment in Shinan in 2006 were real estate , professional services ( accounting , legal services ) , logistics , wholesaling , retailing and restaurant and tourism ; more than half of this amount was invested in real estate . " 
 = = = Relationships = = = 
 The first hydropower was delivered in 1925 with the completion of the Moccasin Powerhouse , fed by Hetch Hetchy water through the Canyon and Mountain Tunnels . However , the first water deliveries did not reach San Francisco until 1934 , eleven years after the completion of O 'Shaughnessy Dam and twenty years after groundbreaking of the Hetch Hetchy project . O 'Shaughnessy Dam had been designed with adequate foundations and a unique stepped face in order to make possible a future increase in the dam height . This was done in anticipation of rapid growth in the demand for water and hydroelectricity . Indeed , between 1935 and 1938 , the dam was raised by 85 feet ( 26 m ) ; a new spillway and outlet channels were constructed to accommodate the increased height and storage capacity , which helped to increase summer generation at downstream powerhouses . 
 Finally , the Court expressed the view that if free speech is to be favoured over the protection of reputation in applying a Reynolds @-@ type defence , another issue that will have to be considered is what balance should be struck between the two competing interests . In this connection , Chan C.J. said that the court would have to decide whether freedom of expression is to be given preference over the protection of reputation , whether it is a fundamental right that trumps the protection of reputation unless it is shown that the defamatory statement was made maliciously , or whether it is co @-@ equal with the protection of reputation . 
 Tey , Tsun Hang ( November 2008 ) , " Confining the Freedom of the Press in Singapore – A ' Pragmatic ' Press for ' Nation Building ' ? " , Human Rights Quarterly 30 ( 4 ) : 876 – 905 , doi : 10 @.@ 1353 / hrq.0.0034 . 
 Actor Charlie Sheen ( " Sexual Healing " ) 
 In the decades following the Second World War there was a significant economic and population decline in Salford . In 1961 a small part of Eccles was added to the city . On 1 April 1974 , the City and County Borough of Salford was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972 , and was replaced by the metropolitan borough of City of Salford , one of ten local government districts in the new metropolitan county of Greater Manchester . The city status of the new district was confirmed by additional letters patent issued on the same day . Since the early 1990s , the decline has slowed . 
 Mitchell determined that his best chance of eventually playing Division I football was by going the junior college route . He accepted a football scholarship from Eastern Arizona Junior College in Thatcher , Arizona . 
 = The Ultimate Fighter = 
 = = Cityscape = = 
 The church has three retablos , one retablo mayor ( central or major retablo ) and two other side altars . The retablo mayor has inscription of the Jesuit motto , Ad maiorem Dei gloriam which gave the idea that the Jesuits left Baclayon with this church altar . On the altar 's center , a medallion with the anagram of the Blessed Virgin Mary can be seen which maybe originally the Jesuit logo . It contains 18th and 19th century images of St. Joseph on the uppermost level ; Holy Trinity ( center ) , Saint Michael and Saint Gabriel on the middle level ; and the Immaculate Conception ( center ) , Saint Anne and Saint Joachim on the lowest level . In 1810 , a silver tabernacle was added to the altar . 
 = = Background = = 
 " For a Bit of Ribbon " 
 During the Cold War , the project expanded to include nine nuclear reactors and five large plutonium processing complexes , which produced plutonium for most of the more than 60 @,@ 000 weapons in the U.S. nuclear arsenal . Nuclear technology developed rapidly during this period , and Hanford scientists produced major technological achievements . Many early safety procedures and waste disposal practices were inadequate , and government documents have confirmed that Hanford 's operations released significant amounts of radioactive materials into the air and the Columbia River . 
 With the two cars in front leading the field by almost a minute , debris on the track brought out the safety car on lap 23 . At this point Alonso and Vettel were running in fourth and fifth place . At the restart on lap 29 , Kamui Kobayashi took fifth position from Vettel . The damage on the Red Bull car slowed Vettel down considerably more in dry conditions , and Massa helped his teammate by overtaking the German shortly after . Meanwhile , at the front , Hamilton took second from his teammate and was able to pass Hülkenberg when the German half @-@ spun . Hülkenberg pursued the McLaren but slid into him on lap 54 , leaving Hamilton out of the race with damage to the left front suspension and himself with a drive @-@ through penalty , handing Button the lead . 
 In monasteries , the basic structure of the diet was laid down by the Rule of Saint Benedict in the 7th century and tightened by Pope Benedict XII in 1336 , but ( as mentioned above ) monks were adept at " working around " these rules . Wine was restricted to about 10 imperial fluid ounces ( 280 mL ; 9 @.@ 6 US fl oz ) per day , but there was no corresponding limit on beer , and , at Westminster Abbey , each monk was given an allowance of 1 imperial gallon ( 4 @.@ 5 L ; 1 @.@ 2 US gal ) of beer per day . Meat of " four @-@ footed animals " was prohibited altogether , year @-@ round , for everyone but the very weak and the sick . This was circumvented in part by declaring that offal , and various processed foods such as bacon , were not meat . Secondly , Benedictine monasteries contained a room called the misericord , where the Rule of Saint Benedict did not apply , and where a large number of monks ate . Each monk would be regularly sent either to the misericord or to the refectory . When Pope Benedict XII ruled that at least half of all monks should be required to eat in the refectory on any given day , monks responded by excluding the sick and those invited to the abbot 's table from the reckoning . Overall , a monk at Westminster Abbey in the late 15th century would have been allowed 2 @.@ 25 pounds ( 1 @.@ 02 kg ) of bread per day ; 5 eggs per day , except on Fridays and in Lent ; 2 pounds ( 0 @.@ 91 kg ) of meat per day , 4 days / week ( excluding Wednesday , Friday , and Saturday ) , except in Advent and Lent ; and 2 pounds ( 0 @.@ 91 kg ) of fish per day , 3 days / week and every day during Advent and Lent . This caloric structure partly reflected the high @-@ class status of late Medieval monasteries in England , and partly that of Westminster Abbey , which was one of the richest monasteries in the country ; diets of monks in other monasteries may have been more modest . 
 = = Background = = 
 On his death , Balfour 's estate was valued at over £ 1 million . His widow Eleanor ( who survived him by 24 years ) was left a legacy of £ 31 @,@ 000 and a life annuity of £ 3 @,@ 760 . 
 = = = Refurbishment = = = 
 = = Project benefits = = 
 Shortly before 17 : 00 , the British 5th Battle Squadron had arrived on the scene , and at 16 : 50 they spotted Pillau , Elbing , and Frankfurt . Eight minutes later , the powerful battleships HMS Warspite and Valiant opened fire at Pillau at a range of 17 @,@ 000 yards ( 16 @,@ 000 m ) . Several salvos fell close to the German cruisers , prompting them to lay a cloud of smoke and turn away at high speed . About an hour later , the German battlecruisers were attacked by the destroyers Onslow and Moresby , but Pillau , Frankfurt , and the battlecruisers ' secondary guns drove them off . At around 18 : 30 , Pillau and the rest of the II Scouting Group encountered the cruiser HMS Chester ; they opened fire and scored several hits on the ship . As both sides ' cruisers disengaged , Rear Admiral Horace Hood 's three battlecruisers intervened . His flagship HMS Invincible scored a hit on Wiesbaden that exploded in her engine room and disabled the ship . Pillau was also hit by a 12 in ( 300 mm ) shell from HMS Inflexible . The shell exploded below the ship 's chart house ; most of the blast went overboard , but the starboard air supply shaft vented part of the explosion into the second boiler room . All six of the ship 's coal @-@ fired boilers were temporarily disabled , though she could still make 24 kn ( 44 km / h ; 28 mph ) on her four oil @-@ fired boilers , allowing her to escape under cover of heavy fog . By 20 : 30 , three of the six boilers were back in operation , allowing her to steam at 26 kn ( 48 km / h ; 30 mph ) . 
 Negative reviews came from Holly Williams of Contactmusic.com , who was extremely disappointed with the track . Williams felt a rapid decline in the quality of music with the title track , which she believed should have been " climactic , inventive and a little bit trippy with such a title " but found its tempo to be slow and mundane . Maura Johnson from Spin felt that lyrics like " I just love the music , not the bling " appeared insincere on Gaga 's behalf since her career graph showed that the singer was more infatuated with Fame in the 21st century . " Not the deepest statement , but also not that unique to the new millennium , " Johnson concluded . Los Angeles Times 's Mikael Wood believed that the line was not something that worked in a pop record and believed that along with first single " Applause " , Gaga 's ideas seemed unattainable and not exciting . John Walker from MTV News rated it two out of five stars , calling it boring . Chris Bossman from Consequence of Sound compared the composition of the track to a " dying , old school war dialer " . Melinda Newman from HitFix called the song " too quirky " and felt that it could only be successful if remixed properly . Robert Copsey from Digital Spy believed that the chorus line " My artpop could mean anything " made the concept of the album all the more confusing , instead of simplifying Gaga 's brash statements about her musical outputs . Ericka Welch from The Huffington Post called the song as " pretentious " and the least interesting endeavor on the album . She believed that " Artpop " failed to embody the concept of the album and was plagued with the same inconsequential lyrics that was visible during her Born This Way era . She concluded by giving the example : " Like a mad scientist trying to create life , Gaga 's experiment to fuse ART and POP sometimes results in overly ambitious deformities with six legs . " 
 Levodopa and proteins use the same transportation system in the intestine and the blood – brain barrier , thereby competing for access . When they are taken together , this results in a reduced effectiveness of the drug . Therefore , when levodopa is introduced , excessive protein consumption is discouraged and well balanced Mediterranean diet is recommended . In advanced stages , additional intake of low @-@ protein products such as bread or pasta is recommended for similar reasons . To minimize interaction with proteins , levodopa should be taken 30 minutes before meals . At the same time , regimens for PD restrict proteins during breakfast and lunch , allowing protein intake in the evening . 
 Across the eastern Caribbean , Hurricane Lenny damaged vital infrastructure , including roads and piers in the tourism @-@ dependent islands . Most of the islands ' tourism areas were on western @-@ facing beaches , many of which were unprepared for the high waves and winds produced by Lenny . 
 Female hippos reach sexual maturity at five to six years and have a gestation period of eight months . A study of endocrine systems revealed that female hippopotamuses may begin puberty as early as three or four years . Males reach maturity at around 7 @.@ 5 yr . A study of hippopotamus reproductive behaviour in Uganda showed that peak conceptions occurred during the end of the wet season in the summer , and peak births occurred toward the beginning of the wet season in late winter . This is because of the female 's oestrous cycle ; as with most large mammals , male hippopotamus spermatozoa is active year round . Studies of hippos in Zambia and South Africa also showed evidence of births occurring at the start of the wet season . After becoming pregnant , a female hippopotamus will typically not begin ovulation again for 17 months . 
 Marie Krøyer ( 1867 – 1940 ) came from an affluent German family who had moved to Copenhagen . From an early age she aspired to become an artist and after private training she went to study in Paris where Krøyer began to court her . It is believed Marie was subsequently reluctant to paint as she looked up to Krøyer as a far more accomplished artist . A few of her works have nevertheless survived . 
 Star Fox Adventures features both the established main characters of the Star Fox series — Fox , Falco Lombardi , Slippy Toad , and Peppy Hare , although Falco is absent for the majority of the game — and a host of new characters . Major additions are a quiet , mysterious blue fox named Krystal and the small dinosaur Prince Tricky , Fox 's helper during the game . The entire planet is populated with dinosaurs , like the tyrannical General Scales , and other prehistoric animals such as pterosaurs and mammoths . 
 = = = Cherry @-@ Garrard 's journey to One Ton Depot = = = 
 = = = = = Iconography of the west front = = = = = 
 Personnel working at the TACAN site were supplied by weekly flights of the 20th Special Operations Squadron , based at Udorn RTAFB in northeastern Thailand operating under the code name Operation Pony Express , using Lima Site 85 , the 700 meters ( 2 @,@ 300 ft ) airstrip constructed by the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) in the valley below . Hmong General Vang Pao , who spearheaded the allied war effort against North Vietnamese and Pathet Lao forces in Military Region 2 , was entrusted with the task of guarding the facility using the Hmong Clandestine Army alongside CIA @-@ funded Thai Border Patrol Police forces . Though substantial resources were invested to maintain the facility , the USAF command doubted Vang Pao 's ability to defend the installation . Accordingly , all equipment had explosives attached so that if the site was overrun , it could be quickly destroyed . By late 1967 , Lima Site 85 's radar directed 55 per cent of all bombing operations against North Vietnam . 
 One component of Kalam 's widespread popularity among diverse groups in India , and an enduring aspect of his legacy , is the syncretism he embodied in appreciating various elements of the many spiritual and cultural traditions of India . In addition to his faith in the Koran and Islamic practice , Kalam was well @-@ versed in Hindu traditions ; he learnt Sanskrit , read the Bhagavad Gita and he was a vegetarian . Kalam also enjoyed writing Tamil poetry , playing the veena ( a South Indian string instrument ) , and listening to Carnatic devotional music every day . In 2002 , in one of his early speeches to Parliament after becoming President , he reiterated his desire for a more united India , stating that " [ d ] uring the last one year I met a number of spiritual leaders of all religions ... [ and ] I would like to endeavour to work for bringing about unity of minds among the divergent traditions of our country " . Describing Kalam as a unifier of diverse traditions , Congress leader Shashi Tharoor stated , " Kalam was a complete Indian , an embodiment of the eclecticism of India 's heritage of diversity " . BJP leader L. K. Advani concurred that Kalam was " the best exemplar of the Idea of India , one who embodied the best of all the cultural and spiritual traditions that signify India 's unity in immense diversity . This was most strikingly evident in the second @-@ to @-@ last book he published , presciently titled Transcendence : My Spiritual Experiences with Pramukh Swami . 
 " Ray 's contribution to Liverpool 's achievements was enormous and his consistency remarkable . So much so , in fact , that on the rare occasions he missed a match his absence was felt deeply simply because he was a midfield power house with tremendous vision and knowledge of the game ... In my view he was one of Liverpool 's greatest players and probably the most underrated . " 
 In 1964 , Conroy was offered a contract at Shelbourne and Shamrock Rovers . However he instead moved to Northern Irish club Glentoran , where he believed that he would have a better chance of being spotted by an English club . He received a signing @-@ on fee of £ 600 . As the club were based in Belfast he had to spend the night at manager Billy Neill 's house after midweek games as he would miss the last train back to Dublin , and would have to instead catch the train the following morning to make it back to his regular job as a printer . He played for the Glentoran ' Seconds ' ( reserve team ) in the final of the Steel & Sons Cup on 25 December 1965 , which ended in a 1 – 0 victory over Larne . He scored on his first team debut two days later , a 3 – 2 win over Bangor . He went on to score both goals for Glentoran in the Irish Cup final on 23 April 1966 , a 2 – 0 win over Linfield at The Oval . In total he scored eight goals in the 1965 – 66 season , as the " Glens " finished third in the Irish League , two points behind champions Linfield . He went on to score 25 goals in the 1966 – 67 campaign , as Glentoran won the league by a one @-@ point margin . He also played in Europe , as the Irish Cup win also qualified Glentoran to a place in the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1966 – 67 , and he helped the club to a 1 – 1 draw at home with eventual runners @-@ up Rangers before they suffered a 4 – 0 loss at Ibrox Stadium . He received a league winner 's medal despite leaving the club before the end of the season . 
 The term " missing link " has been used extensively in popular writings on human evolution to refer to a perceived gap in the hominid evolutionary record . It is most commonly used to refer to any new transitional fossil finds . Scientists , however , do not use the term , as it refers to a pre @-@ evolutionary view of nature . 
 On the week ending March 13 , 2010 , " Neighbors Know My Name " debuted at eighty @-@ eight on the Billboard Hot 100 . A little over a month later , on the week ending May 15 , 2010 , it peaked at forty @-@ three on the chart . In its twenty @-@ seventh week on the chart , " Neighbors Know My Name " peaked at the top spot on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart , becoming his fourth top ten single from Ready and his third consecutive top five hit . 
 YouTube offered the public a beta test of the site in May 2005 . The first video to reach one million views was a Nike advertisement featuring Ronaldinho in September 2005 . Following a $ 3 @.@ 5 million investment from Sequoia Capital in November , the site launched officially on December 15 , 2005 , by which time the site was receiving 8 million views a day . The site grew rapidly , and in July 2006 the company announced that more than 65 @,@ 000 new videos were being uploaded every day , and that the site was receiving 100 million video views per day . According to data published by market research company comScore , YouTube is the dominant provider of online video in the United States , with a market share of around 43 % and more than 14 billion views of videos in May 2010 . 
 The Staff of Yahoo.com said that Principal was " the one major missing piece " of the new Dallas and made notion that a possible return could potentially happen in the future , critically saying : " The drama . The mystery . The intrigue . Specifically , where is Victoria Principal ? " Entertainment Weekly said that Principal was " certainly missed " as original character Pam when reviewing the new series . Morgan Jeffrey of Digital Spy said that Principal was " unlikely " to return to the new series due to lack of interest in the project , but the door would always be open . He said , " She 's indicated that it 's something she 's not interested in . " 
 Per the regulations for the 2015 season , three practice session were held , two one @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ hour sessions on Friday and another one @-@ hour session before qualifying on Saturday . At the first session , both Mercedes drivers were fastest , with Nico Rosberg being three @-@ tenths of a second faster than teammate Lewis Hamilton . The Ferrari of Kimi Räikkönen was the only other car to come inside one second of the Mercedes . The other Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel set the slowest lap time , as a gearbox problem prevented him from driving more than four laps . The McLaren of Fernando Alonso suffered from gearbox issues as well , but the Spaniard was able to get back on track for the later part of the session . The team had brought a new aerodynamics package to Spielberg , which was tested by Alonso in free practice , who described it as " an improvement to the car " . 
 Docking of tails and cropping of ears has become a controversial practice , especially for non @-@ working dogs , and is now illegal or restricted in a number of countries worldwide . 
 " Bravado " is a song by New Zealand singer Lorde , originally included on her debut EP The Love Club EP . It was later featured on her Tennis Court EP and the extended version of her debut album Pure Heroine ( 2013 ) . The song was written by Lorde and Joel Little and was produced by the latter . The track was released as a single on 6 September 2013 , via iTunes Stores , in a number of European countries and India . Characterised as a chamber pop and electropop song , " Bravado " addresses Lorde 's introverted nature and the need to feign confidence in the music industry . The single was well received by music critics and peaked at number five on the New Zealand Artist Singles chart . 
 The Mirna Bridge and the Limska Draga Viaduct are the longest individual structures on the A9 motorway . The Mirna Bridge is the most significant structure built on the route , spanning the Mirna River to carry the motorway across the river and its valley , and has been in use since 2005 . The bridge is 1 @,@ 354 metres ( 4 @,@ 442 feet ) long , while the superstructure of the bridge is 10 @.@ 1 metres ( 33 feet ) wide . Prior to the introduction of the ticket system on the A9 , a toll was charged for using the bridge . As of September 2011 the bridge consists of a single carriageway . The Limska Draga Viaduct was built in 1991 to span the Limska Draga valley . The viaduct is 522 metres ( 1 @,@ 713 feet ) long , and 12 @.@ 1 metres ( 40 feet ) wide and , therefore , is the second longest structure of the motorway . It comprises continuous box girders of varying depth , across five spans with a maximum height of 125 metres ( 410 feet ) . The viaduct has been incorporated into the A9 motorway route since 1999 . Like the Mirna Bridge , as of December 2011 , the viaduct comprises a single carriageway . 
 Bob Dylan as Bobby 
 = = Early life , education , and legal career = = 
 = = Behaviour and ecology = = 
 North Carolina — December 4 , 1865 
 = Never Let Me Down = 
 = = Technique = = 
 = = = Gubernatorial election of 1923 = = = 
 By the 12 Hours of Sebring a few months later , the TX was able to improve its pace , this time qualifying third , only a second behind a Porsche 907 and a Ford GT40 . The turbine ran reliably at first but , as the race continued , debris damaged the turbine and caused it to shake loose from its mounts . The TX was eventually retired after six hours . Following Sebring , the International Championship returned to Europe , and the Howmet team followed . They entered the BOAC 500 at Brands Hatch . Wastegate problems once again caused the car to wreck , this time after only seven laps . Staying in Britain , the Howmet team entered a national sprint race at Oulton Park for British driver Hugh Dibley . The failure of a starter motor during a pit stop , however , once again denied the TX the possibility of finishing the hour @-@ long event . 
 Knyaz Suvorov never regained her position in the battle line and was engaged at short range by Mikasa and the battleship Shikishima as well as five cruisers of Vice Admiral Kamimura Hikonojō 's 2nd Division between 15 : 20 and 15 : 35 . Mikasa and two of the cruisers fired one torpedo each at her during this time , but none of them hit the ship . At 15 : 39 , the unprotected cruiser Chihaya fired a pair of torpedoes and claimed one hit although no change was visible in Knyaz Suvorov 's condition . Chihaya was hit by one shell just above the waterline during her attack that forced her to make emergency repairs . Around 15 : 40 the British observer aboard Azuma reported that Knyaz Suvorov was down by the bow with a heavy list to port and was a mass of thick gray smoke from forecastle to mainmast . By this time , the ship 's forward 12 @-@ inch gun turret had been knocked out , but some smaller guns were still in action . The Japanese 5th Destroyer Division attacked five minutes later with torpedoes at ranges under 900 yards ( 820 m ) , but failed to score any hits with their five torpedoes . The destroyer leader was hit in the boiler room by a three @-@ inch shell that may have been fired by Knyaz Suvorov . 
 In January 1963 , the CAB released a Civil Aeronautics Board Aircraft Accident Report stating that the " most likely abnormality " to have caused the crash was a short circuit caused by wires in the automatic piloting system that had been damaged in the manufacturing process . 
 Devil 's Halo is the eighth studio album by American singer @-@ songwriter and bassist Me 'Shell Ndegéocello . After writing songs for over a year , Ndegéocello recorded the album in seven days with audio engineer S. Husky Höskulds . She was accompanied by a band featuring drummer Deantoni Parks , guitarist Chris Bruce , and keyboardist Keefus Ciancia ; Bruce and Ciancia produced the record with Ndegéocello . 
 = = Operational history = = 
 = = = = Umpqua Valley AVA = = = = 
 Wessel attended Volksschule ( primary school ) in Cölln from 1914 to 1922 , and thereafter attended high school at Königstädtisches and Luisenstädtisches Gymnasium , where he passed his Abitur examination . In 1926 Wessel enrolled in Friedrich Wilhelm University . 
 = = = Special modifications = = = 
 = = = Race = = = 
 = Tiger catshark = 
 The women 's suffrage movement in Wales has historically been held in poor regard with little research undertaken before the end of the twentieth century . Initial impressions of women 's voting rights in the country can appear to suggest apathy or even hostility towards suffrage , but historians such as Kay Cook and Neil Evans writing in 1991 , and built upon by Dr. Kirsti Bohata , argue specific cultural environments led to a more cautious and considered political ideology . The type of militancy advocated by Emmeline Pankhurst 's Women 's Social and Political Union appears to have been rejected by the majority of Welsh suffrage campaigners , especially in the north of Wales , but Cook claims that the origin of this lies in the 1847 governmental " Reports of the commissioners of enquiry into the state of education in Wales " , commonly known as the Treachery of the Blue Books . 
 In the season premiere " The New Rachel " , Rachel is struggling to accept her separation from Finn . She meets Brody Weston ( Dean Geyer ) , a handsome NYADA junior , who encourages Rachel to move on and embrace college life . Rachel also deals with her overpowering dance instructor Cassandra July ( Kate Hudson ) , who believes that she does not have what it takes to become a star . After Kurt comes to New York , the two decide to move into together while Kurt pursues an internship with Vogue.com and plans to reapply to NYADA for the second semester . In the episode " Makeover " , Rachel gets picked on by a group of female dancers for her childish appearance . With the help of Kurt and his new boss Isabelle Wright ( Sarah Jessica Parker ) , she is convinced to get a makeover . Her new look is met with positive reception from others , including Brody , and she invites him over to dinner . Right after their first kiss , Rachel discover Finn on her doorstep . While visiting , Rachel learns that Finn was medically discharged from the army several weeks ago , and that he no longer wants to live in New York after seeing how happy she was without him . Finn takes off and goes back to Lima where Rachel confronts him , and says that even though she loves him , she can no longer stay in their relationship . She and Brody begin to see each other , and she lets him move in so that they can be closer . When she returns for Will and Emma 's wedding , she and Finn reconnect as friends . When Finn asks about Brody , she says that they are not exclusive . Finn says that the reason she has not committed to Brody is because she still thinks they will end up together . They sleep together after the reception , but Rachel leaves after Finn falls asleep . She is later shown taking a pregnancy test ; Santana , who has recently moved in , snoops and discovers the discarded test , and confronts Rachel , who then bursts into tears . The two go together to get Rachel checked at a clinic , where she is informed that it was a false alarm . She later breaks up with Brody after Santana reveals that he is a male escort and is stunned to find out Finn flew to New York just to beat him up . When Rachel breaks up with Brody , she admits that the relationship never would have worked because she was using it to try to get over her heartache about Finn . Rachel auditions for Funny Girl and sings " Don 't Stop Believin ' " , imagining the original New Directions members singing in the background . She is called back for further auditions for the title role , Fanny Brice . In the finale , Rachel sings " To Love You More " at the final callback before the role is cast . 
 " Fall Down " received generally negative reviews from music critics , who were disappointed with its overall production . Writing for AllMusic , Fred Thomas was displeased that featuring " big gun " Cyrus still resulted in a " manufactured disposable pop moment " , and further elaborated that the song felt like one of # willpower 's " interminable 15 tracks [ that ] were written in the studio moments before they were recorded . " Sam Lansky from Idolator shared a similar sentiment , opining that Cyrus felt " mostly phoned @-@ in " by comparison with the " emotional punch " Cyrus delivered on her collaboration with American rapper Snoop Lion , " Ashtrays and Heartbreaks " . Andy Peterson of Contactmusic.com criticized the production of the track , stating that listeners are " treated to the sort of identikit trance @-@ plus @-@ autotune sound that 's been annexing American teen culture in the last couple of years " . 
 It is possible to choose a set of independent loop currents without reference to the trees and tie sets . A sufficient , but not necessary , condition for choosing a set of independent loops is to ensure that each chosen loop includes at least one branch that was not previously included by loops already chosen . A particularly straightforward choice is that used in mesh analysis in which the loops are all chosen to be meshes . Mesh analysis can only be applied if it is possible to map the graph on to a plane or a sphere without any of the branches crossing over . Such graphs are called planar graphs . Ability to map onto a plane or a sphere are equivalent conditions . Any finite graph mapped onto a plane can be shrunk until it will map onto a small region of a sphere . Conversely , a mesh of any graph mapped onto a sphere can be stretched until the space inside it occupies nearly all of the sphere . The entire graph then occupies only a small region of the sphere . This is the same as the first case , hence the graph will also map onto a plane . 
 = = Band members = = 
 = 2007 Balad aircraft crash = 
 = = = 1979 – 83 : Duke , Abacab , and Three Sides Live = = = 
 2011 : Turn It Up EP – collaboration with Kalup Linzy 
 = North Coast Hiawatha = 
 On 4 June , the 31st / 51st Infantry Battalion began patrolling operations around Buoi Plantation . Two companies , ' B ' and ' D ' , were committed to these operations with ' B ' Company focusing upon the north @-@ eastern part of the plantation , while ' D ' Company patrolled to their east . Clashes followed over the next three days ; the Australians lost one killed , and the Japanese 10 . Australian intelligence suggested that the Japanese had concentrated strongly along the approaches to the peninsula , and in order to deal with these positions it was decided that an amphibious landing would be made by a company of the 31st / 51st Infantry Battalion near the jetties around Porton Plantation , 3 @.@ 1 miles ( 5 @.@ 0 km ) to the north of Ratusa , to outflank them and launch an attack from the rear , while the main force – consisting of the remainder of the 31st / 51st and the 26th Infantry Battalion – pushed north from the Ratsua front to establish a new position along a line between Porton and Chindawon . During the planning phase , concerns were raised by several officers about the size of the force allocated and the distance that the breakthrough force would be required to advance to link up with the force landing at the beachhead , but these were ultimately discounted . On the evening of 5 June , the Australian battalion commander outlined his plan and in the afternoon of the following day rehearsal landings were undertaken . Final preparations were made on the night of 6 / 7 June and continued throughout the next day . 
 The Beatles were due to perform a lunchtime concert at the Cavern Club on 9 November 1961 , not far from Epstein 's NEMS store . Epstein asked Harry to arrange for him and Taylor to watch the Beatles perform without queuing at the door . Harry phoned the owner , Ray McFall , who said he would inform the doorman on the day , Delaney , to let Epstein in . Epstein and Taylor bypassed the line of fans at the door and heard a welcome message announced over the club 's public @-@ address system by Wooler : " We have someone rather famous in the audience today , Mr. Brian Epstein , the owner of NEMS ... " 
 Pathways was Bungie 's fourth title ( and third commercial title ) after their previous game , Minotaur : The Labyrinths of Crete , sold around 2 @,@ 500 copies . In the summer of 1992 , Jones was living in dorms at the University of Chicago when he saw Wolfenstein 3D , a shooter game with three @-@ dimensional ( 3D ) graphics . Inspired , Jones created a rough 3D @-@ graphics engine for the Mac that simulated walls with trapezoids and rectangles . Originally , Bungie intended Pathways to be a straightforward 3D version of Minotaur , but they quickly found that the top @-@ down perspective of their previous game did not mesh with the 3D presentation . An additional consideration was that the developers wanted to create a game that did not rely on then @-@ rare networks and modems , an issue in marketing Minotaur . The rest of 1992 was spent tweaking the graphics engine . 
 It is important to note , however , that not all humans share identical circadian rhythms . One study across Italy and Spain had students fill out a questionnaire , then ranked them on a " morningness – eveningness " scale . The results were a fairly standard bell curve . Levels of alertness over the course of the day had a significant correlation with scores on the questionnaire . All categories of participants — evening types , morning types , and intermediate types — had high levels of alertness from roughly 2 pm to 8 pm , but outside this window their alertness levels corresponded to their scores . 
 = = = Climate and ecology = = = 
 = = = Organisation and numbering of movements = = = 
 The final act of the K Foundation was distributing a van load of Tennent 's Super - a high @-@ alcohol @-@ content lager - to London 's street drinkers on Christmas Day 1995 . However , the Foundation discovered that their choice of location for this endeavour — near Waterloo Station on the South Bank — was unusually devoid of homeless people , many of whom were in homeless shelters for the day . " That was a pity " , said Jimmy Cauty . " If you are down @-@ and @-@ out , would you rather have a bowl of soup or a can of Tennent 's ? " The Sunday Times later called the scheme " ethically dubious " . 
 Lake of the Clouds is a lake located in Ontonagon County within the Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park . The lake is situated in a valley between two ridges in the Porcupine Mountains . Surrounded by wilderness , the lake is a popular destination for hikers , campers , and fishermen . The lake is a prominent feature of the park , and can be viewed at the Lake of the Clouds Overlook at the west terminus of former M @-@ 107 . 
 In April , a patient in the Military Hospital saw Ibrahim Sharif with his face swollen , raising concerns that he may have been tortured . According to Amnesty International , Abdulhadi al @-@ Khawaja suffered fractures of the jaw and head and bruising of the arms during his first month in detention , allegedly as a result of torture . After a six @-@ day hospitalization during which he underwent several operations , torture was reportedly resumed . According to Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) signs of mistreatment were visible on al @-@ Khawaja 's face during the first trial session in May and Hassan Mushaima and Abdulwahab Hussain were seen to have noticeable limps . Bahrain Centre for Human Rights published detailed allegations of the torture allegedly inflicted on the Bahrain Thirteen . 
 The Polish United Workers ' Party ( PZPR ) won 237 ( 239 after by @-@ elections ) seats out of 459 while the remainder went its satellite parties ( Democratic Party and United People 's Party ) and a few independents . PZPR 237 seats gave it 51 @.@ 7 % of total , ZSL with 120 ( 118 after by @-@ elections ) had 26 @.@ 1 % , the independents with 63 had 14 % ( non @-@ party faction , 51 , and Catholics from the Znak association , 12 ) and SD with 39 had 8 @.@ 5 % . The FJN alliance was victorious , with 80 @.@ 8 % of the seats . 
 Jessica Capshaw as Evanna 
 Oslo Package 3 is a political agreement between all the major projects on what to spend public funding for transport in Oslo and Akershus on . The agreement was made in 2007 , and consists of 53 billion Norwegian krone ( NOK ) , which will be shared between investments in road infrastructure , public transport infrastructure , and operating subsidies for Ruter . Financing comes from the state , the counties and from toll roads . The agreement states the major investments which are planned during a 20 @-@ year period . In addition , the previous agreement , Oslo Package 2 , still has funding for some smaller projects . 
 = = Background and publication = = 
 In April 2009 , Spin writer Mark Prindle observed that the Ramones had to date " inspired a jaw @-@ dropping 48 ( at least ! ) full @-@ length tribute records . " The first Ramones tribute album featuring multiple performers was released in 1991 : Gabba Gabba Hey : A Tribute to the Ramones includes tracks by such acts as the Flesh Eaters , L7 , Mojo Nixon , and Bad Religion . In 2001 , Dee Dee made a guest appearance on one track of Ramones Maniacs , a multi @-@ artist cover of the entire Ramones Mania compilation album . The Song Ramones the Same , which came out the following year , includes performances by the Dictators , who were part of the early New York punk scene , and Wayne Kramer , guitarist for the influential protopunk band MC5 . We 're a Happy Family : A Tribute to Ramones , released in 2003 , features performers such as Rancid , Green Day , Metallica , Kiss , the Offspring , Red Hot Chili Peppers , U2 , and Rob Zombie ( who also did the album cover artwork ) . Also some other famous bands recorded tribute songs . Motörhead 's Phil Campbell tells in Jari @-@ Pekka Laitio @-@ Ramone 's book Ramones : Soundtrack Of Our Lives : " We did a cover of Rockaway Beach with me on backing vocals , which was quite enjoyable . When Johnny Ramone heard it , he refused to put it on the tribute album . Lemmy and I thought we did a good version . " 
 The committee refused to accept the names of Duncan and Harriet Cardew — Icelandic @-@ born children of a British father and an Icelandic mother — because their names did not meet the criteria for being added to the registry of approved names . The children had originally used passports with the substitute names Drengur ( boy ) and Stúlka ( girl ) ; however , in 2014 , Icelandic authorities refused to renew Harriet 's passport at all without a legally acceptable name . Since the Cardews were about to travel to France , they obtained emergency British passports for Duncan and Harriet ; the parents also announced they would file a formal complaint objecting to the naming committee 's rejection of their children 's names and the passport office 's refusal to renew their Icelandic passports . The Cardews announced in June 2016 that they had won their case and their children 's names would be recognised . As a result of this case , the Icelandic Interior Ministry announced it had begun the legislative process to abolish the Naming Committee . 
 = = = Host plants = = = 
 Libby Dreifuss played by Carla Gallo ( seasons 1 – 2 main cast ) – Further information : Season 2 finale and character fates 
 This extraordinary Female is about 18 years of age – of High rank & great fortune . Her body & limbs are of the most perfect & Beautiful Shape , but , her head & Face resembles that of a Pig – she eats her Victuals out of a Silver Trough in the same manner as Pigs do , & when spoken to she can only answer by Grunting ! her cheif Amusement is the Piano which she plays most delightfully . 
 Finally , in late 1229 , Theodore began assembling his forces at Thessalonica — including a contingent of troops sent by Frederick II — for the projected final attack on Constantinople . As his troops marched east in spring 1230 , he unexpectedly turned his army north and followed the Evros valley into Bulgaria . Theodore 's motives for this sudden change are debated . Contemporary and later historians like Akropolites denounced this as a sign of Theodore 's duplicity and treachery . A more likely suggestion is that Theodore , hitherto undefeated in battle , desired to check Bulgarian power and avoid the possibility of the Bulgarians striking in his rear while he was engaged in besieging Constantinople . Although caught by surprise , John Asen reacted rapidly . Allegedly affixing the text of the broken treaty to one of his spears as a flag , he rallied his troops and met Theodore in battle in April 1230 . The ensuing Battle of Klokotnitsa was a crushing victory for the Bulgarian ruler , who took Theodore and many of his officers captive . 
 This tranquility disappeared when the British consul in Rio de Janeiro , William Dougal Christie , nearly sparked a war between his nation and Brazil . Christie sent an ultimatum containing abusive demands arising out of two minor incidents at the end of 1861 and beginning of 1862 . The first was the sinking of a commercial barque on the coast of Rio Grande do Sul after which its goods were pillaged by local inhabitants . The second was the arrest of drunken British officers who were causing a disturbance in the streets of Rio . 
 In the 1870s progress was made in both social and political spheres , and all segments of society benefited from the reforms and shared in the increasing prosperity . Brazil 's international reputation for political stability and investment potential greatly improved . The Empire was seen as a modern and progressive nation unequalled , with the exception of the United States , in the Americas . The economy began growing rapidly and immigration flourished . Railroad , shipping and other modernization projects were adopted . With " slavery destined for extinction and other reforms projected , the prospects for ' moral and material advances ' seemed vast . " 
 In December 2011 , Rihanna asked her fans on Twitter to recommend a song from Talk That Talk for release as the third single . On January 10 , 2012 , she announced that the title track was chosen and also debuted the single 's cover — a black @-@ and @-@ white image in which Rihanna is dressed in " street punk / rockabilly clothes " and crouches against a wall . According to Jazmine Gray of Vibe magazine , the singer 's has an ambiguous facial expression on the cover . On January 17 , Def Jam Recordings serviced " Talk That Talk " to urban contemporary radio stations in the United States . It also impacted US contemporary hit and rhythmic radios on February 14 . On March 26 , " Talk That Talk " was released in France as a CD single , which contained the album version of the song and the Chuckie Extended Remix of " We Found Love " . 
 An option for deriving c that does not directly depend on a measurement of the propagation of electromagnetic waves is to use the relation between c and the vacuum permittivity ε0 and vacuum permeability μ0 established by Maxwell 's theory : c2 = 1 / ( ε0μ0 ) . The vacuum permittivity may be determined by measuring the capacitance and dimensions of a capacitor , whereas the value of the vacuum permeability is fixed at exactly 4π × 10 − 7 H · m − 1 through the definition of the ampere . Rosa and Dorsey used this method in 1907 to find a value of 299710 ± 22 km / s . 
 Verdi was committed to the publisher Giovanni Ricordi for an opera — which became Stiffelio — for Trieste in the Spring of 1850 ; and , subsequently , following negotiations with La Fenice , developed a libretto with Piave and wrote the music for Rigoletto ( based on Victor Hugo 's Le roi s 'amuse ) for Venice in March 1851 . This was the first of a sequence of three operas ( followed by Il trovatore and La traviata ) which were to cement his fame as a master of opera . The failure of Stiffelio ( attributable not least to the censors of the time taking offence at the taboo subject of the supposed adultery of a clergyman 's wife and interfering with the text and roles ) incited Verdi to take pains to rework it , although even in the completely recycled version of Aroldo ( 1857 ) it still failed to please . Rigoletto , with its intended murder of royalty , and its sordid attributes , also upset the censors . Verdi would not compromise : 
 As an official history of the Japanese Navy , Sakamoto 's work was considered to be official admission of the attacking submarine 's identity . Subsequently , most sources assumed as fact Nakagawa 's and I @-@ 177 's role in the loss of Centaur . Nakagawa refused to speak on the subject of the attack on Centaur following the war crimes investigation at the end of World War II , even to defend himself or deny the claims made by Rohwer 's and Sakamoto 's works , and died in 1991 . 
 = = = Vaccination = = = 
 = = = = The Tay whale = = = = 
 The Reds were contacted about contributing to the film 's soundtrack after submitting their music for possible use on Miami Vice . They recorded their score over a period of two months , in studios in New York and Los Angeles . They recorded a total of 28 minutes of music for the film ; however , several cues were replaced later with music by Shriekback and Michel Rubini . " Comfortably Numb " by Pink Floyd and " I Had Too Much to Dream ( Last Night ) " by The Electric Prunes have both been cited by The Reds ' vocalist Rick Shaffer as influences on the film 's soundtrack . Mann selected " Strong as I Am " by The Prime Movers for the film and later funded the filming of a music video for the song 's release as a single . 
 We explained to him what the song was about and he said , " So , breaking out ... what about a boarding school ? " We love any movies to do with boarding schools – Cruel Intentions , The Craft . We were like " Yes , yes ! " and we all brainstormed from there [ ... ] We really had to push . A lot [ ... ] We had a lot of control over making the music on this record and we wrote " Hook Me Up " so we would have the best idea of what the video would be . So it was " Use our ideas . They 're free " [ ... ] Because the song is so different from the first record , we wanted to make a video that was young and fun that kids could relate to . The video idea that was first proposed really was not for a young market . It was a lot older . 
 = = = Political dimensions = = = 
 In March 2015 , the American philanthropist and Microsoft co @-@ founder , Paul Allen , and his team of researchers located the wreck of Musashi in the Sibuyan Sea using a remotely operated underwater vehicle deployed from the yacht Octopus . The ship lies at a depth of around 1 @,@ 000 metres ( 3 @,@ 300 ft ) . The wreck was revealed to be in several pieces with most of the hull amidships appearing to have been blown apart after leaving the surface . The bow section from the number one barbette forward is upright on the sea floor while the stern is upside down . The forward superstructure and funnel is detached from the rest of the ship and lies on its port side . 
 Multiplayer comes in two forms in Empire : Total War . As with previous Total War titles , players can engage in real @-@ time battles against each other either by creating the composition of their armies themselves , or reenacting historical battles . However , following a one @-@ month delay of Empire : Total War in January 2009 , the addition of a full campaign multiplayer mode was unveiled . The technology to create a multiplayer campaign game was not available in previous Total War games , and the extended development time allowed The Creative Assembly to implement the underlying technology for such a mode in Empire : Total War . The campaign multiplayer mode was first tested in a two @-@ player beta build which was released on 7 December 2009 . 
 Spence D. of IGN Music added that Beyoncé 's " crisp voice " seems at odds with the beats featured in the song . However , he continued saying that it " when it gets muted and overlapped on the chorus , it sounds purely hypnotical . " Jaime Gill of Yahoo ! Music described the track as a " driving " and " strutting " one . Jon Pareles of The New York Times stated : " [ ... ] rhythm @-@ driven songs , especially ' Get Me Bodied ' , could be high @-@ tech upgrades of an old African @-@ American form , the ring shout [ ... ] " . Darryl Sterdan , writing for the Canadian website Jam ! , said that the song manages dancing into a contact sport with the help of cheerleader hand @-@ claps . Dave de Sylvia of Sputnikmusic considered " Get Me Bodied " as one of the three production triumphs on B 'Day . Richard Cromelin of Los Angeles Times wrote that " Get Me Bodied " sounds " like fun " for Beyoncé , connecting her with deep , vital cultural roots . He also went on saying that " the playful chant " suggests both children 's street game and traditional work song , and the whiff of Louisiana in the beat taps her own Creole heritage . 
 The three then won their first match as a team , defeating ODB , Tara and Awesome Kong , but was unsuccessful in their Knockout 's Tag Team title rematch at Bound For Glory . On the October 22 episode of Impact ! , The Beautiful People began appearing in backstage segments they dubbed as their reality show " The Meanest Girls " , an allusion to the 2004 teen comedy Mean Girls . 
 Unidad de Meteorología - IVIC ( Meteorology Unit - Venezuela Institute of Scientific Research ) ( Spanish ) 
 full score ( BnF ms RES @-@ 2397 , 1769 or later ) , after the Duchesne edition ( engraved by Cambon , Paris , 1764 ) , originally from the library of the Paris Conservatory 
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau the estimated Hispanic population of the United States is over 50 million , or 16 % of the U.S. population , and Hispanics are the nation 's largest ethnic or racial minority . The 2010 U.S. Census estimate of over 50 million Hispanics in the U.S. does not include the 3 @.@ 9 million residents of Puerto Rico , thereby making the people of Hispanic origin the nation 's largest ethnic or race minority as of July 1 , 2005 . 
 The first Hispanic @-@ American to command a Coast Guard vessel ( USRCS ) was Joseph Ximenez , who took command of the Carysfort Reef Lightship in Florida in 1843 . He was not , however , the first Hispanic officer . That distinction belongs to Domingo Castrano , who is listed by the United States Revenue Cutter Service Register as having served aboard USRC Grant in 1872 , as an engineering officer . The first known Hispanics to have served in the U.S. Life @-@ Saving Service were Surfmen Telesford Pena and Ramon Delgado who , in 1897 , served at the Brazos Life @-@ Saving Station in Texas . 
 It has been reported that thousands of tons of CS gas were used by the U.S. forces in Vietnam to bring Viet Cong into the open . It was also used by the North Vietnamese forces in some battles like Hue in 1968 or during the Easter Offensive in 1972 . 
 = = = Story = = = 
 The story may not be linear and exhibits several instances of temporal disruption . A dark @-@ haired woman ( Harring ) escapes her own murder , surviving a car accident on Mulholland Drive . Injured and in shock , she descends into Los Angeles and sneaks into an apartment that an older , red @-@ headed woman has just vacated . An aspiring actress named Betty Elms ( Watts ) arrives at the same apartment and finds the dark @-@ haired woman confused , not knowing her own name . The dark @-@ haired woman assumes the name " Rita " after seeing a poster for the film Gilda ( 1946 ) , starring Rita Hayworth . To help Rita remember her identity , Betty looks in Rita 's purse , where she finds a large amount of money and an unusual blue key . 
 Large orchestras ( red background ) : Symphony 
 Dedicated to Mme la Baronne V. d 'Indy , the fifth barcarolle was written after a five @-@ year period in which Fauré composed nothing for the piano . Orledge calls it powerful , agitated and virile . It is the first of Fauré 's piano works in which there are no identifiable sections ; its changes are in metre , not in tempo . 
 In 2013 , McAdams appeared opposite Ben Affleck in Terrence Malick 's romantic drama To the Wonder . McAdams played a horse ranch worker in Oklahoma and the love interest of Affleck 's character . She found Malick to be an " incredibly helpful " director ; they discussed her character in detail and he took her on a tour of the local town , pointing out which house she would have grown up in and where she would have attended school . Upon its U.S. limited theatrical release , the film polarized film critics , some of whom found McAdams ' role to be " fairly small " ; IndieWire noted that " McAdams has the least to do of the principals , but is wonderfully haunted and sad in her brief appearances " . 
 " The Way It Is " by Jim Johnston ( WWF / E ) 
 = = = Reelected Speaker = = = 
 A large portion of the stolen money was eventually moved by Kamo , who took the money to Lenin in Finland , which was then part of the Russian Empire . Kamo spent the remaining summer months staying with Lenin at his dacha . That autumn , Kamo traveled to Paris , to Belgium to buy arms and ammunition , and to Bulgaria to buy 200 detonators . He next traveled to Berlin and delivered a letter from Lenin to a prominent Bolshevik physician , Yakov Zhitomirsky , asking him to treat Kamo 's eye , which had not completely healed from the bomb blast . Unknown to Lenin , Zhitomirsky had been secretly working as an agent of the Russian government and quickly informed the Okhrana , who asked the Berlin police to arrest Kamo . When they did so , they found a forged Austrian passport and a suitcase with the detonators , which he was planning to use in another large bank robbery . 
 = = = Screenplay = = = 
 The living conditions at the fort were poor . It was surrounded by marshes , with a poor road network , and the garrison had to survive on collected rainwater . A trader called a sutler built a house inside the southern entrance , growing vegetables within the south @-@ west bastion and enjoying an effective monopoly on selling food to the soldiers . New barracks for the officers and enlisted men were rebuilt in 1772 , but the officers often preferred to live across the river in the more urban setting of Gravesend , near the military headquarters there . A cricket match in 1776 between men from the Kentish and Essex sides of the Thames reportedly ended in bloodshed when guns were seized from the guardroom ; newspapers recounted how an Essex man and a sergeant were shot dead , and a soldier was bayonetted , before both sides fled the scene . It is uncertain how accurate the newspaper account was , although the historians Andrew Saunders and Charles Kightly give it some credence . 
 Angle returned on the November 17 episode of Impact Wrestling , attacking James Storm and revealing himself as the man who had attacked and bloodied him also the previous week , costing him his match with Bobby Roode for the TNA World Heavyweight Championship . On December 11 at Final Resolution , Angle was defeated by Storm in a singles match . On January 8 , 2012 , at Genesis , Angle defeated Storm in a rematch . On the following episode of Impact Wrestling , Storm defeated Angle in a number one contender 's match . 
 The most important aspect of Todd 's appearance for St. John was his character 's hair . His preference was that Todd 's hair was a little shorter ; he told Soap Opera Weekly ( SOW ) that he thought that Todd 's hair was too " shaggy " , which was not his personal style , and that he hoped the writers and producers would let him trim off a bit . When he first got the role , St. John 's hair resembled Howarth 's shorter shoulder @-@ length haircut , which was initially worn from 2000 to 2003 , and St. John was told by the writers and producers not to change his hair until further notice . St. John " made the creative choice [ to let himself ] go because [ Todd 's ] not really right in the old noggin ' " , and gained weight for the role . 
 The Claytonites started calling the new faction " the Brindle Tails " . This name can be traced back to Clayton supporter Jack Agery , who was a Freedman , contractor , and orator in the state . In a speech he gave in Eagle Township in Pulaski County , he said that Brooks reminded him of a " brindle tailed bull " he had known as a child that scared all the other cattle . The Claytonist then began mockingly referring to Joseph Brooks and his supporters as " Brindle Tails " , and this is how they were referred to from then on . The Brindle Tails ' platform included a proposal for a new constitution that would re @-@ enfranchise ex @-@ Confederates , which appealed to Democrats and pre @-@ war Whigs . They began gaining support among the disenfranchised and the Liberal Republicans . 
 = = Release and promotion = = 
 The production and use of lithium underwent several drastic changes in history . The first major application of lithium was in high @-@ temperature lithium greases for aircraft engines and similar applications in World War II and shortly after . This use was supported by the fact that lithium @-@ based soaps have a higher melting point than other alkali soaps , and are less corrosive than calcium based soaps . The small market for lithium soaps and lubricating greases was supported by several small mining operations mostly in the United States . 
 = = Feeding = = 
 Leontius was bishop of Antioch from 348 to 357 . He is quoted in the Chronicon Paschale , or Paschal Chronicle , a universal chronicle of history based on the paschal cycle , as an authority on the martyrdom of Babylas . The quotation describes Philip seeking penitence from Babylas for the sin of murdering his predecessor . 
 Eusebius ' first version of the Chronicon was written in 303 , and his second in the mid @-@ 320s ; Jerome 's revision , translation and continuation dates to 380 . The original Greek is lost ; it is largely through Jerome 's Latin and through an Armenian translation unrelated to Jerome that the substance of the original survives . Eusebius ' original did cover Philip 's rule — Jerome 's continuation of the Chronicon only covers the period from 325 to 378 — but the sections regarding Philip 's Christianity do not survive in the Armenian translation . In the Armenian , all references to Arabs are omitted . Philip 's celebration of the millennium is preserved , while his supposed Christianity is only implied in the entry on Decius ' persecution . Jerome 's Chronicon is , therefore , the nearest we can get to Eusebius ' early statements on Philip 's Christianity . That Jerome calls Philip primus in the Chronicon thus admits of two interpretations : either he found it in Eusebius , or he added it independently , based on other sources available to him . Shahîd argues that , while the text would offer a strong case for Philip 's Christianity either way , the former interpretation is more plausible . Shahîd believes that primus appeared in Eusebius first version of the Chronicon , but may have been edited out for the second version — by the mid 320s , Eusebius had become Constantine 's panegyrist , and was understandably loath to praise his subject 's ignoble predecessors . 
 The music video successfully charted on video programs . It debuted on MTV 's Total Request Live on June 28 , 2004 , the same entry as " Burn " . The music video reached number one on the countdown , and retired on September 15 , 2004 at number seven . Like " Yeah ! " , " Confessions Part II " video remained on TRL for 50 days . 
 A criticism of the racial wage gap has been noted by a few scholars : the racial wage gap fails to account for the amount of people in a certain race that are unemployed . Examining median incomes does not reflect the growing racial disparity in joblessness . The Butler @-@ Heckman hypothesis states that the least @-@ skilled members of society are also the ones who are most likely to be not working , suggesting that the wage gap does not account for the overall difference in wages between races . An analysis of the black @-@ white wage gap which accounted for unemployment found that when unemployment was included in the calculation of the weekly wages convergence from 1950 to 2000 , the convergence percentage went from 13 percent to only 3 percent . 
 Johnathan Moffett – percussion 
 After Fleming 's death a continuation novel , Colonel Sun , was written by Kingsley Amis ( as Robert Markham ) and published in 1968 . Amis had already written a literary study of Fleming 's Bond novels in his 1965 work The James Bond Dossier . Although novelizations of two of the Eon Productions Bond films appeared in print , James Bond , The Spy Who Loved Me and James Bond and Moonraker , both written by screenwriter Christopher Wood , the series of novels did not continue until the 1980s . In 1981 the thriller writer John Gardner picked up the series with Licence Renewed . Gardner went on to write sixteen Bond books in total ; two of the books he wrote – Licence to Kill and GoldenEye – were novelizations of Eon Productions films of the same name . Gardner moved the Bond series into the 1980s , although he retained the ages of the characters as they were when Fleming had left them . In 1996 Gardner retired from writing James Bond books due to ill health . 
 58 % of people in Nauru are ethnically Nauruan , 26 % are other Pacific Islander , 8 % are European , and 8 % are Chinese . Nauruans descended from Polynesian and Micronesian seafarers . Two of the 12 original tribal groups became extinct in the 20th century . 
 Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album , 2004 , A Wonderful World ( with k.d. lang ) 
 Two Yellow Jackets have been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame . Joe Guyon played professional football from 1920 @-@ 1927 . Guyon was a collegiate teammate of Jim Thorpe at Carlisle Indian Industrial School before transferring to Georgia Tech . His playing career began with the Canton Bulldogs and finished with the New York Giants . He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in the class of 1966 . Billy Shaw played professional football for the Buffalo Bills from 1961 @-@ 1969 . He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in the class of 1999 . 
 Sharing Popper 's concerns about assumptions in economics generally , and not just mathematical economics , Milton Friedman declared that " all assumptions are unrealistic " . Friedman proposed judging economic models by their predictive performance rather than by the match between their assumptions and reality . 
 = = Personal life = = 
 Bigipedia is a website broadcast on the radio . Like Wikipedia , it contains articles and discussion pages about a range of different subjects , which can be edited by anyone . Among the similarities are articles , discussion pages , disambiguation pages , featured articles , a news section and a " Did you know ? " section for new articles . The articles cover a range of fictional celebrities , bands , films , television series , products and a running gag series of articles on anthropomorphic animal characters from Uruguayan safety campaigns . 
 Further choosing L along the z @-@ axis , and the major semiaxis as the x @-@ axis , yields the locus equation for p , 
 A mechanical system with d degrees of freedom can have at most 2d − 1 constants of motion , since there are 2d initial conditions and the initial time cannot be determined by a constant of motion . A system with more than d constants of motion is called superintegrable and a system with 2d − 1 constants is called maximally superintegrable . Since the solution of the Hamilton – Jacobi equation in one coordinate system can yield only d constants of motion , superintegrable systems must be separable in more than one coordinate system . The Kepler problem is maximally superintegrable , since it has three degrees of freedom ( d = 3 ) and five independent constant of motion ; its Hamilton – Jacobi equation is separable in both spherical coordinates and parabolic coordinates , as described below . 
 <formula> 
 When Aberhart decided to run Social Credit candidates in the 1935 provincial election , he adopted an unusual system of candidate nomination : each constituency would nominate three or four candidates , with a committee headed by Aberhart deciding which one would actually run . Six different constituencies nominated Rogers as one of their candidates , and Aberhart decided that she should run in Ponoka . Her opponent from the governing United Farmers of Alberta ( UFA ) was former Premier John Edward Brownlee , who had resigned the previous year in the wake of a sex scandal in which he was sued for the seduction of a young woman . Brownlee biographer Franklin Foster speculates that the selection of a female candidate to run against the so @-@ called " sober faced seducer " was a deliberate strategic decision by Aberhart , and noted further that " aside from Aberhart himself , [ Social Credit ] could not have fielded a stronger candidate " in Ponoka . 
 Slippery jacks do not keep for long after picking , nor are they suitable for drying , as their water content is too high . They are suited for frying , or cooking in stews and soups , either alone or with other mushroom species . Puréeing the mushroom is not recommended , however : " We once made the mistake of running it through a blender to make a soup . The result was a substance recommending itself for use when hanging wallpaper . " S. luteus and other Suillus species may cause allergic reactions in some people or digestive problems that appear to result from consuming the slimy skin . The fungus is better cooked before eating , and some authors recommend discarding the glutinous cuticle and tubes before cooking . Moreover , the skin can spoil other fungi with which slippery jacks are collected . 
 The name " Kaumodaki " first appears in the Hindu epic Mahabharata , where it is associated with Vishnu 's avatar Krishna . The gada is depicted in images of Vishnu since c . 200 BCE . While initially unadorned , the size and shape of Kaumodaki vary in depictions . More elaborate design features like flutes and segments were added in depictions of Vishnu 's gada . 
 Drayton and Brown sat next to each other on the bus , Drayton by the aisle and Brown by the window . When Officer Lang arrived at their row , he identified himself as a police investigator and showed his badge . In a voice " just loud enough " to hear , he said he was a police officer " conducting bus interdiction [ sic ] , attempting to deter drugs and illegal weapons being transported on the bus " . When Lang asked Drayton and Brown if they had any luggage on the bus , they both pointed to the same green bag on the overhead luggage rack . Lang asked , " [ d ] o you mind if I check it ? " , and Brown replied , " [ g ] o ahead " . The officers inspected the bag and discovered no contraband inside . 
 Recorded at Heavy Duty Studios ( Los Angeles ) 
 Virginia 's assembly had sent companies of militia to Hampton under the command of William Woodford , the colonel of the 2nd Virginia Regiment in October , and further militia continued to arrive at Williamsburg . Woodford , his force swollen to 700 men , advanced toward Great Bridge in early December . Some of Dunmore 's troops had fortified the north side of the bridge , so Woodford began entrenching the position on his side of the bridge , while more and more militia companies arrived from the surrounding counties and North Carolina . On December 9 , British troops attempted to disperse Woodford 's force , and were decisively repulsed . Following the battle , the British retreated back into Norfolk , and shortly after , Dunmore and his entire force withdrew to Royal Navy ships anchored in Norfolk 's harbor , along with most of the remaining Tory population of the town . Woodford 's force continued to grow with the arrival of Colonel Robert Howe and North Carolina regulars the day after the battle . 
 After striking southeastern Louisiana , Hurricane Katrina made its final landfall in Mississippi , during which it produced a storm surge of about 5 @.@ 37 ft ( 1 @.@ 64 m ) in Pensacola . The hurricane struck months after Hurricane Dennis affected the same area . In St. Marks , the surge flooded several businesses , and in Walton County , high tides flooded several roads , including portions of U.S. Highways 98 and 331 . The storm caused moderate to severe beach erosion along the gulf coast , and washed sand onto many coastal roads . Winds along the Florida panhandle peaked at 56 mph ( 90 km / h ) in Pensacola , with gusts to 71 mph ( 114 km / h ) . High winds briefly closed the Interstate 10 bridge over Escambia Bay in Pensacola . The outer rainbands of the hurricane spawned five tornadoes , all of them weak and not very damaging . Rainfall along the panhandle reached 7 @.@ 80 in ( 198 mm ) in Philpot , which caused flooding . 
 A compilation DVD entitled The New Saint Glory with the highlights of a Guilty Gear X2 arcade national championship was released by Enterbrain on December 19 , 2002 . Enterbrain also released Guilty Gear XX : The Midnight Carnival Artworks , a trading card game series based on Guilty Gear X2 on September 26 , 2002 . In addition to the musical CDs , audio drama CDs containing original plots were released by Team Entertainment . Two CDs — Red and Black — were published on July 16 , and August 20 , 2003 , while a second series , Night of Knives , had its three volumes released on October 20 , November 17 , and December 22 , 2004 . 
 = = = Investment banking = = = 
 The remaining qualifying matches built up to the tournament and developed storylines that played out on the pay @-@ per @-@ view . Lex Luger faced Jeff Jarrett in a qualifying match on May 21 , 1994 . During the match , Crush came to the ring and fought with Luger . Jarrett won the match by countout and advanced to the tournament . Owen Hart was scheduled to wrestle Earthquake on May 23 , 1994 for a spot in the tournament , but the plan was changed after Earthquake left the WWF . To explain Earthquake 's absence , the WWF showed footage of Yokozuna wrestling Earthquake and claimed that Earthquake had sustained an injury . Doink the Clown took Earthquake 's place , but Owen Hart won the match to qualify for the tournament . Next , on May 28 , 1994 , a qualifying match between the 1 – 2 – 3 Kid and Adam Bomb was televised on WWF Superstars . The Kid won after Kwang attempted to interfere on Bomb 's behalf . Kwang accidentally spat green mist in Bomb 's face , allowing the Kid to get the victory . In the final qualifying match , Jimmy Del Ray was originally scheduled to face Tatanka in a match televised on Monday Night Raw on May 30 , 1994 , but Crush took Del Ray 's place . The kayfabe reason given was that Crush 's manager , Mr. Fuji , made a deal with Jim Cornette , Del Ray 's manager , to allow Crush to compete . The match ended in a double countout , after Fuji and Chief Jay Strongbow , who was seconding Tatanka , got involved . This led to a Lumberjack match on Monday Night Raw the following week . Tatanka won the match and the spot in the tournament , after Lex Luger gained revenge for Crush 's interference in his match by attacking Crush . 
 Kate ( Evangeline Lilly ) is awakened by an Australian farmer , Ray Mullen ( Nick Tate ) , as she sleeps in his barn . She introduces herself as Annie , a backpacking graduate , and Mullen offers her a job on the farm . When she later leaves the farm , Ray offers to give her a ride to the train station . On the way Kate notices a black car following them , and Ray reveals he learned Kate was a fugitive , and decided to deliver her to the authorities for the reward money . As soon as they are approached by the tailgating car , driven by US Marshal Edward Mars ( Fredric Lane ) , Kate jerks the wheel and causes Ray 's vehicle to crash off the road . As Kate is pulling Ray from the burning vehicle , Marshall Mars captures her at gunpoint . 
 HMS Renown was the lead ship of her class of battlecruisers of the Royal Navy built during the First World War . She was originally laid down as an improved version of the Revenge @-@ class battleships . Her construction was suspended on the outbreak of war on the grounds she would not be ready in a timely manner . Admiral Lord Fisher , upon becoming First Sea Lord , gained approval to restart her construction as a battlecruiser that could be built and enter service quickly . The Director of Naval Construction ( DNC ) , Eustace Tennyson @-@ D 'Eyncourt , quickly produced an entirely new design to meet Admiral Lord Fisher 's requirements and the builders agreed to deliver the ships in 15 months . They did not quite meet that ambitious goal , but the ship was delivered a few months after the Battle of Jutland in 1916 . Renown , and her sister HMS Repulse , were the world 's fastest capital ships upon completion . 
 = = = Name = = = 
 The Fed was largely responsible for converting what might have been a garden @-@ variety recession , although perhaps a fairly severe one , into a major catastrophe . Instead of using its powers to offset the depression , it presided over a decline in the quantity of money by one @-@ third from 1929 to 1933 ... Far from the depression being a failure of the free @-@ enterprise system , it was a tragic failure of government . 
 After VVKJ acceptance , a group of pilots conducted 16 mock dogfights between the IK @-@ 2 and the Hawker Fury I biplane already in service with the VVKJ , during which the IK @-@ 2 displayed overall superiority over the British @-@ built aircraft . At one point , Bajdak declared his continuing doubts about the aircraft , and Dobnikar challenged him to a duel , with Bajdak flying his preferred aircraft , the Fury I. After Dobnikar won the climbing competition and a race to Zemun and back from Belgrade , the final dogfight forced Bajdak to concede that the IK @-@ 2 was the better aircraft . On 20 November 1937 , the VVKJ submitted a proposal to order a batch of 12 IK @-@ 2s , which was approved the following month . The production version included some additional improvements , but continued testing resulted in further delays , with the aircraft not entering service for another year . By this time , international consensus had coalesced around the superiority of the low @-@ wing monoplane , and the IK @-@ 2 was already obsolescent by the time it was delivered to VVKJ fighter units . 
 The Doctor and Amy take the TARDIS to the Cabinet War Rooms during The Blitz of the Second World War , one month after Winston Churchill requested the Doctor 's help in the war effort . As the Doctor arrived late , Churchill turned to the scientific advances of Professor Edwin Bracewell , including robotic devices called " Ironsides " , which are recognised immediately by the Doctor as his archenemies the Daleks . The Doctor tries to understand their purpose in being on Earth at this time , but they continue to act as Bracewell 's inventions , ready to serve Britain 's war efforts . Angrily , the Doctor attacks the devices , shouting , " I am the Doctor and you are the Daleks ! " Unbeknown to the Doctor and the humans , a Dalek ship is in orbit near the moon ; upon hearing the Doctor 's " testimony " , the Dalek aboard uses it to activate a " Progenator Device " and alerts its comrades on Earth . The Daleks reveal their intent and turn hostile , killing several guards and exposing Bracewell as an android before transmatting to their ship . The Doctor follows in the TARDIS , leaving Amy behind for her protection . 
 Three Rivers was the first multi @-@ purpose stadium and the first in either the NFL or MLB to feature Tartan Turf , which was installed from opening day . It was replaced by a number of other surfaces including AstroTurf . It had a dirt skin infield on the basepaths for baseball through 1972 , until converted to " sliding pits " at the bases for 1973 . Renovations for the start of the 1983 baseball season included the initial placement of AstroTurf , the center field Stewart @-@ Warner scoreboard being removed and replaced with new seating — while a new Diamond Vision scoreboard with a White Way messageboard was installed at the top of the center field upper deck — and the outfield fence being painted blue . The field originally used " Gamesaver vacuum vehicles " to dry the surface , though they were replaced by an underground drainage system . 
 In 294 , Narseh , a son of Shapur who had been passed over for the Sassanid succession , came to power in Persia . Narseh eliminated Bahram III , a young man installed in the wake of Bahram II 's death in 293 . In early 294 , Narseh sent Diocletian the customary package of gifts between the empires , and Diocletian responded with an exchange of ambassadors . Within Persia , however , Narseh was destroying every trace of his immediate predecessors from public monuments . He sought to identify himself with the warlike kings Ardashir ( r . 226 – 41 ) and Shapur I ( r . 241 – 72 ) , who had sacked Roman Antioch and skinned the Emperor Valerian ( r . 253 – 260 ) to decorate his war temple . 
 " The Other Woman " was also the subject of mixed reviews . Tim Goodman of the San Francisco Chronicle wrote that " I really liked this episode , but I liked it less than the [ preceding episodes ] … it seems that someone took their foot off the gas just a fraction and the reduction in speed was notable . Time 's James Poniewozik had mixed feelings for the flashbacks , but enjoyed Ben 's character development . Nikki Stafford of Wizard " enjoyed " the " interesting " episode , although " not nearly as much " as the previous episode . She rejoiced at the return of her " favorite Other " Tom ( M.C. Gainey ) and wrote that " Locke used to be one of [ her ] favorite characters , but now he 's a tool " . Digital Spy 's Ben Rawson @-@ Jones stated that " the episode came together nicely in the end , with an expected twist and a snog , although for a great part it bordered on tedium . Juliet is a character who simply isn 't interesting enough to fully sustain one 's attention over a flashback . She 's been so peripheral and irrelevant over this season , and it felt like a token gesture to foreground her at last . There was a nice pay off though , with a long awaited smooch between her and Jack . " Daniel of TMZ graded the episode as a " C + " ; however , he wrote that " the Ben / Locke scenes were great and Juliet in a bikini did not disappoint . " TV Squad 's Erin Martell was " not impressed with Jack and Juliet 's chemistry " and found their kiss " unconvincing " . Martell commended Emerson 's acting , Ben 's one @-@ liners and his " too funny for words " casual greeting to Hurley and Sawyer at the end of the episode after he is released from captivity . The Huffington Post 's Jay Glatfelter thought that " this was another great episode [ that ] could have lived up to last week 's episode , but there was still a lot of solid character development . " 
 = = = Characters = = = 
 = = = Return to England , training , and Operation Overlord = = = 
 Reviewers were divided on what standard to expect of the series and what to compare it to ; the budget was beyond that of other web series but not on par with a film . 
 Wilbur Wright photo gallery at Corbis ( page one ) 
 " Like a Prayer " 
 = = Recording and production = = 
 The five subspecies have different genetic and ecological histories , phenotypically expressed in a range of color and skin patterns . Although the long @-@ toed salamander is classified as a species of Least Concern by the IUCN , many forms of land development threaten and negatively affect the salamander 's habitat . 
 Lagrivea is known from three mandibles ( lower jaws ) — one , the holotype , with the fourth premolar ( p4 ) and all three molars ( m1 – 3 ) preserved ; one with the incisor and m2 ; and one with the incisor , p4 , m1 , and m2 — an isolated lower incisor , and an isolated m2 . It was large for a squirrel , and can be distinguished from the fossil squirrels Palaeosciurus , Aliveria , and Ratufa obtusidens by its larger size . 
 Air Chief Marshal Sir Frederick Rudolph William Scherger , KBE , CB , DSO , AFC ( 18 May 1904 – 16 January 1984 ) was a senior commander in the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) . He served as Chief of the Air Staff , the RAAF 's highest @-@ ranking position , from 1957 until 1961 , and as Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff Committee , forerunner of the role of Australia 's Chief of the Defence Force , from 1961 until 1966 . He was the first RAAF officer to hold the rank of air chief marshal . 
 The summer after graduation , Baker toured Europe as a celebrity correspondent for The New York Times , where he wrote about events like the Henley Royal Regatta . Through his Princeton classmates , he was hired by Wall Street insurance firm Johnson & Higgins upon his return to the United States . Soon after , another Princeton graduate offered him a job at J.P. Morgan Bank . Hired onto a two @-@ year trainee program , Baker earned about $ 20 per week . Baker befriended a rich New York socialite , Percy R. Pyne II , who had also attended St. Paul 's and Princeton . Though ten years older than Baker , they quickly became friends and Pyne allowed Baker to stay at his house at 263 Madison Avenue . Pyne later introduced Baker to Jeanne Marie Scott , a socialite known as Mimi , to whom Baker was briefly engaged late in 1918 . A quiet individual , Baker was embarrassed when bank executives brought important clients by his office to see him . He quickly tired of working in an office job , and looked for ways to alleviate his boredom . 
 = = Awards = = 
 = = = Tropical Storm Dora = = = 
 Being a symbol of scientific or literary achievement that 's recognisable worldwide , the Nobel Prize is often depicted in fiction . This includes films like The Prize and Nobel Son about fictional Nobel laureates as well as fictionalized accounts of stories surrounding real prizes such as Nobel Chor , a film based on the unsolved theft of Rabindranath Tagore 's prize . 
 = = = Singles = = = 
 McGee 's platoon was suffering heavy casualties from a particular machine gun 50 metres ( 55 yd ) in front of his position , which was set in a recess atop a concrete pillbox and firing directly at his men . Armed solely with a revolver , McGee dashed alone towards the post across the fire @-@ swept ground . Shooting the gunners , he captured the remaining soldiers in the garrison as prisoners and seized control of the pillbox . On returning to his unit , he reorganised his men and led a bombing party in the capture of a second machine @-@ gun post . McGee 's actions reignited the 40th Battalion 's advance , with McGee himself " foremost in the remainder " of the action . By 09 : 12 on 5 October , the 40th Battalion had seized its objective and held complete control of the Broodseinde Ridge , having captured 300 Germans as prisoners in the process . 
 The first curator of the new Hall of Fame was Bobby Hewitson . Following Hewitson 's retirement in 1967 , Lefty Reid was appointed to the position . Reid was curator of the Hockey Hall of Fame for the next 25 years , retiring in 1992 . Following Reid 's retirement , former NHL referee @-@ in @-@ chief Scotty Morrison , who was the president of the Hockey Hall of Fame since 1986 , was appointed curator . Morrison supervised the relocation of the Hall of Fame and its exhibits . The current curator is Phil Pritchard . 
 As Arsenal finished fourth in the league the previous season , the club played a qualifying round against Sparta Prague to ensure progression into the group stages . Goals from Fàbregas and Hleb in the away leg earned a 2 – 0 win and a 3 – 0 victory at home meant Arsenal qualified for a 10th successive season in the competition . 
 Shalizi states that Thompson 's goal is to show that biology follows inevitably from physics , and to a degree also from chemistry . He argues that when Thompson says " the form of an object is a ' diagram of forces , ' " , Thompson means that we can infer from an object the physical forces that act ( or once acted ) upon it . Shalizi calls Thompson 's account of the physics of morphogenesis 
 = = = Tropical Storm Barry = = = 
 It was unclear how Hsu could have remained at large for 15 years and engage in prominent political activity without being detected . It was also unclear how a convicted felon , having already fled prosecution once , was allowed out on bail without first having to surrender his passport . Prior to Hsu 's second attempt to flee , James Brosnahan , Hsu 's attorney in California , defended Hsu stating that Hsu 's prominence showed that he did not behave like a fugitive and that Hsu was moving towards a resolution of the matter , including a plan of restitution for victims of Hsu 's actions . 
 The sequence wherein Mulder runs was shot on a motorcycle . Manners recalled that , because Duchovny had been able to outrun two horses in the fourth season episode " Tunguska " , he needed something faster to film the scene with . Several locations that were scouted for the episode proved difficult to use . Two churches that had been selected for the episode pulled out just before filming began and replacements had to be found immediately . The scenes in the woods were filmed at Griffith Park in Los Angeles . The location was chosen because it possessed " probably the only pine trees in Los Angeles " . Due to the fact that the actual park is rather sparsely populated by brush , the foliage was all created by the crew of the series . Manners shot several of the forest scenes with a 200 millimeter lens , so that the lights of Los Angeles would be disguised in the distance . Padgett 's furnace was filmed on a set called the red / blue room . It had originally been created for the sixth seasoner opener " The Beginning " . The jail set was constructed in a large warehouse by a different production company . The X @-@ Files rented the space for several days for filming , for five thousand dollars . Finding a graveyard with " old @-@ fashioned vertical tombstones " proved a challenge for locations manager Ilt Jones . Eventually one was found in Altadena , California , east of Los Angeles . The fog in the cemetery was created by burying small " misters " that produced water vapor . The vapor was cold so that it would stay low to the group and emulate the properties of actual fog . 
 Just two and a half months later , though , the MTA stated that it was unable to open the subway extension for service until April to July 2015 , due to the failure to get the inclined elevators to work properly . Problems with the security and fire alarm systems were also blamed for the delays . A December 2014 New York Post article attributed the delay to Hudson Yards ' developer , The Related Companies ' , need to dig caissons for the foundations , just above the subway station , and the foundation work needed to be complete before the MTA could open the station . Continuing trouble with the fire and security alarms in March 2015 would delay the opening until summer . 
 Following Delaney 's record @-@ setting 196 @-@ yard rushing performance against the Houston Oilers on November 15 , 1981 , Oilers defensive end ( and future Pro Football Hall of Famer ) Elvin Bethea was quoted in saying : 
 Brown ceased to be Chancellor and became the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 27 June 2007 . Like all modern Prime Ministers , Brown concurrently served as the First Lord of the Treasury and the Minister for the Civil Service , and was a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom . Until his resignation from the post in May 2010 he was Leader of the Labour Party . He was Member of Parliament for the constituency of Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath until he stepped down in 2015 . He is the sixth post @-@ war Prime Minister , of a total of 12 , to assume the role without having won a general election . Brown was the first Prime Minister from a Scottish constituency since the Conservative Sir Alec Douglas @-@ Home in 1964 . Not all British Prime Ministers have attended university , but of the ones that did Brown was one of only five that did not attend either Oxford or Cambridge , the others were , The Earl of Bute ( Leiden ) , Lord John Russell ( Edinburgh ) , Bonar Law ( Glasgow ) , and Neville Chamberlain ( Mason Science College , later Birmingham ) . Brown proposed moving some traditional prime ministerial powers conferred by royal prerogative to the realm of Parliament , such as the power to declare war and approve appointments to senior positions . Brown wanted Parliament to gain the right to ratify treaties and have more oversight into the intelligence services . He also proposed moving some powers from Parliament to citizens , including the right to form " citizens ' juries " , easily petition Parliament for new laws , and rally outside Westminster . He asserted that the attorney general should not have the right to decide whether to prosecute in individual cases , such as in the loans for peerages scandal . 
 Einstein 's equations are nonlinear partial differential equations and , as such , difficult to solve exactly . Nevertheless , a number of exact solutions are known , although only a few have direct physical applications . The best @-@ known exact solutions , and also those most interesting from a physics point of view , are the Schwarzschild solution , the Reissner – Nordström solution and the Kerr metric , each corresponding to a certain type of black hole in an otherwise empty universe , and the Friedmann – Lemaître – Robertson – Walker and de Sitter universes , each describing an expanding cosmos . Exact solutions of great theoretical interest include the Gödel universe ( which opens up the intriguing possibility of time travel in curved spacetimes ) , the Taub @-@ NUT solution ( a model universe that is homogeneous , but anisotropic ) , and anti @-@ de Sitter space ( which has recently come to prominence in the context of what is called the Maldacena conjecture ) . 
 The current coach is Mark Dantonio , who was hired on November 27 , 2006 . Dantonio has a 63 – 29 record in his coaching tenure as of the end of the 2013 season . 
 In Japan , the film was released in DVD format by Tohokushinsha Film on October 26 , 2007 . Revolver Entertainment licensed it in January 2008 and was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on February 25 . In September 2008 , Funimation announced that it had acquired the distribution rights of the film to North America . A Blu @-@ Ray version was released in Japan on February 20 , 2009 , while Funimation released its DVD version on August 25 , 2009 , calling it Mushi @-@ Shi : The Movie . 
 The church is built in Late Decorated style from rubble masonry dressed with sandstone , with rendering on the outside of the wall at the west end . Each wall has an external buttress in the centre . The gabled roofs above the nave and north aisle are made of slate with stone copings ; there is a stone bellcote with two bells at the west end between the two gables . Both bells are dated 1896 and inscribed with the name " Charles Carr @-@ Smethwick " ; they are hung one above the other rather than side by side . There is a stone cross on top of the bellcote and each gable . 
 Back at the TARDIS , Jack begins integrating the extrapolator into the TARDIS to speed up the engine recharge . Rose and Mickey hang out together , and he admits to her that he is dating someone else because she is not there for him , and he begs her to promise him that she eventually will come back to him in the end , but before she can answer him , loud sounds like thunder start to reverberate through the area . Cardiff is soon struck by a large earthquake that seems to be coming from the Rift . The Doctor , Margaret , Rose and Jack regroup and find that the extrapolator was a trap meant to redirect the energy from the TARDIS into the Rift , rupturing it . Jack and the Doctor are unable to stop the energy transfer , and Margaret takes Rose hostage and demands the extrapolator . The heart of the TARDIS opens on the console , bathing Margaret in light . While she is captivated by the light , Jack and the Doctor close the rift and disable the extrapolator . As the console closes , they find that Margaret 's human suit is empty except for a Slitheen egg . The Doctor surmises that the TARDIS sensed that Margaret wanted a second chance at life and gave it to her . The TARDIS crew decides to return the egg to Raxacoricofallapatorius so Margaret can be raised in a different family . Rose realises Mickey has left without saying goodbye , and runs out to look for him in the nearby area , but he is gone . Rose returns to the TARDIS , clearly distraught , and the Doctor offers to wait a little longer so she can search for Mickey , but she declines , saying that he deserves better . 
 = Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus = 
 The site of the tree contains two stone tablets . The first is heavily weathered and has suffered the loss of one corner , while the second appears to be considerably newer . Both tablets paraphrase the same portion of William H. Jackson 's supposed deed to the tree , with slight alterations made to transform the legalistic language into a first @-@ person declaration of affection : 
 = = Reception = = 
 A new chapter in W & J football history began in 1912 , when head coach Bob Folwell was recruited away from Lafayette College by the team manager Robert M. Murphy . An early high point came in 1912 when Folwell 's team held Jim Thorpe and the Carlisle Indians to a scoreless tie . The 1913 team posted a 10 @-@ 0 @-@ 1 record and were the highest scoring team in the nation . That season featured a scoreless tie with Yale , a 100 @-@ 0 defeat of Grove City College , and a 17 @-@ 0 victory over Penn State that broke the Nittany Lions ' 19 game winning streak , earning the entire school a day off to celebrate . 1913 was the first season that the team was able to hire trained athletic coaches . Three players were named All @-@ Americans . Sportswriter Walter S. Trumbull of The New York Sun suggested that the Michigan Aggies , Washington & Jefferson , Chicago University , and Notre Dame were the new " Big 4 of College Football " instead of the traditional grouping of Princeton , Yale , Harvard , and Penn . 
 At the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal , Jenner achieved five personal bests on the first day of the men 's decathlon – a " home run " – despite finishing in second place behind Guido Kratschmer of West Germany . Jenner was confident : " The second day has all my good events . If everything works out all right , we should be ahead after it 's all over . " On the second day , Jenner had a strong showing in the hurdles and discus , and personal bests in the pole vault and javelin . By that point , victory was virtually assured , but it remained to be seen by how much Jenner would improve the record . In the final event , the 1500 metres , seen live on national television , Jenner looked content to finish the long competition . Then Jenner sprinted the last lap , making up a 50 @-@ meter deficit , and nearly catching the event favorite Soviet Leonid Litvinenko who was already well out of contention for the overall title , but whose personal best had been eight seconds better than Jenner 's before the race . Jenner set a new personal best time , taking the gold medal with a world @-@ record score of 8 @,@ 616 points . 
 In 2011 , Jenner appeared in the Adam Sandler comedy Jack and Jill in a scene with Al Pacino as an actor in a play . Like Can 't Stop the Music , the film won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture and swept every Razzie category . 
 Al @-@ imārāt al @-@ ʻarabīya as @-@ šāmila fi ' l @-@ ʻIrāq . ( 1981 ) . 
 2015 – Nashville Obsolete ( as Dave Rawlings Machine ) Acony Records 
 Volvopluteus gloiocephalus , commonly known as the big sheath mushroom , rose @-@ gilled grisette , or stubble rosegill , is a species of mushroom in the family Pluteaceae . For most of the 20th century it has been known under the names Volvariella gloiocephala or Volvariella speciosa , but recent molecular studies have placed it as the type species of the genus Volvopluteus , newly created in 2011 . The cap of this mushroom is about 5 – 15 cm ( 2 – 6 in ) in diameter , varies from white to grey or grey @-@ brown , and is markedly sticky when fresh . The gills start out as white but they soon turn pink . The stipe is white and has a sack @-@ like volva at the base . Microscopical features and DNA sequence data are of great importance for separating V. gloiocephalus from related species . V. gloiocephalus is a saprotrophic fungus that grows on grassy fields and accumulations of organic matter like compost or woodchips piles . It has been reported from all continents except Antarctica . 
 Evidence of tectonics on Enceladus is also derived from grooved terrain , consisting of lanes of curvilinear grooves and ridges . These bands , first discovered by Voyager 2 , often separate smooth plains from cratered regions . Grooved terrains such as the Samarkand Sulci are reminiscent of grooved terrain on Ganymede . However , unlike those seen on Ganymede , grooved topography on Enceladus is generally more complex . Rather than parallel sets of grooves , these lanes often appear as bands of crudely aligned , chevron @-@ shaped features . In other areas , these bands bow upwards with fractures and ridges running the length of the feature . Cassini observations of the Samarkand Sulci have revealed dark spots ( 125 and 750 m wide ) located parallel to the narrow fractures . Currently , these spots are interpreted as collapse pits within these ridged plain belts . 
 Seeking the challenge of racing on cobbles is relatively recent . It began at the same time in Paris – Roubaix and the Tour of Flanders , when widespread improvements to roads after the second world war brought realisation that the character of both races were changing . Until then the race had been over cobbles not because they were bad but because that was how roads were made . André Mahé , who won in 1949 ( see below Controversies ) , said : 
 = = Background = = 
 = = = Vancouver Canucks ( 1988 – 1998 ) = = = 
 On September 1 , a southwest @-@ northeast oriented stationary front was situated offshore the East Coast of the United States from east of The Carolinas to the south of Nova Scotia . By the following day , the front spawned a tropical depression about 225 mi ( 360 km ) southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . The depression moved northeastward and detached from the stationary front . Around 06 : 00 UTC on September 2 , it strengthened into a tropical storm . The system intensified into a hurricane early on the following day . Later on September 3 , the storm strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane and peaked with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph ( 155 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 977 mbar ( 28 @.@ 9 inHg ) . Thereafter , the storm weakened to a Category 1 and a tropical storm on September 4 , before becoming extratropical near Cape Breton Island later that day . This system was first identified as a hurricane by Ivan Tannehill in 1938 . 
 = = = Typhoon Chataan ( Gloria ) = = = 
 = = = 2006 : two @-@ year @-@ old season = = = 
 = = = Critical reaction = = = 
 On October 7 , 2009 , technology website Engadget reported that mobile carriers T @-@ Mobile and AT & T would publicly announce the Bold 9700 on October 21 , 2009 . Two days later , the website posted that rumors were circulating on the Internet , which predicted that the smartphone would be released to the United States T @-@ Mobile on November 11 , 2009 . The aforementioned carrier was then revealed to be sending invitations to " executive briefing " events — taking place in Los Angeles on November 3 , 2009 ; in New York City . T @-@ Mobile Germany announced on October 15 , 2009 that the Bold 9700 would be released in that country in November . 
 = = Oral argument = = 
 = Normandie @-@ class battleship = 
 = = Construction and cancellation = = 
 It principally served in the North African Campaign , although some served in the Allied invasion of Sicily and the subsequent Italian Campaign , and even as late as the invasion of southern France in 1944 . 
 = = = Merchandise = = = 
 Snow White : The Fairest of Them All , is a 2001 American @-@ Canadian @-@ German fantasy adventure television film co @-@ written and directed by Caroline Thompson and produced by Hallmark Entertainment . The film was first released theatrically in Europe , and subsequently aired in the United States on ABC as part of their series on The Wonderful World of Disney on March 17 , 2002 . 
 Since about 2004 , Invader has been working on another project that involves making artworks exclusively using Rubik 's Cubes . He may be the originator , and is certainly one of the foremost proponents of the art form he calls " Rubikcubism " . Invader takes an image from popular culture , uses a computer program to work out the precise disposition of the six colours for each image . He then manipulates nine pixels for each Rubik 's Cube to give the required pattern – taking perhaps ten seconds per cube , constructs a full image by stacking them , after which the cubes are glued to a backing board . A piece typically composed of approximately 300 cubes , measures about 0 @.@ 9 by 1 @.@ 3 metres ( 3 ft × 4 ft ) , and weighs approximately 36 kilograms ( 80 lb ) , but the exact size depends on the subject and the desired level of detail . 
 = = Decorations and awards = = 
 She 's so soft . She 's beautiful too . I always tell her this story : When I was locked up in jail , that song ' Vision of Love ' was the hottest song in the world . I used to always say , ' Man , if I could meet her ! ' So I worked with her , then Pharrell hooked it up for me to work with her again this time . 
 The label initially wanted " Say Somethin " to become the fourth single from the album after " Shake It Off " . The videos for " Shake It Off " and " Say Somethin " were originally supposed to be directed by Brett Ratner . However , Carey later chose director Jake Nava instead . Jake Nava was set to film " Shake It Off " and " Say Somethin " back @-@ to @-@ back in June 2005 , however , as filming of the " Shake It Off video ended , the video shoot for " Say Somethin " was suddenly cancelled due to the label deciding not to release it as the fourth single . 
 Dishonored was displayed for the public at the 2012 Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) , and received four nominations from the Game Critics Awards for Best Action / Adventure Game , Best Console Game , Best Original Game , and the overall Best of Show award . The game was also recognized at the event for : " Game of Show " by GameSpy , and Joystiq Editor @-@ in @-@ Chief Ludwig Keitzmann , and was nominated by Destructoid and EGM ; " Best Action Game " by GameSpy , and EGM , and nominated by Destructoid ; " Best of E3 2012 Editors ' Choice Award " by GameSpot ; and " Most Original Game " by G4TV . Other recognition included : " Best of Show " by Digital Trends ; " Best of E3 Selection " by Yahoo Games and Game Revolution ; " The Best Game at E3 " by Cinema Blend ; and " Top 10 Game of E3 " by Paste magazine and Stuff ; Kotaku listed the " Blink " ability as one of the " Top 27 Game Ideas " at the event . Jurors from the Entertainment Software Association and the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences selected " Regent " , a piece of artwork for the game by artist Sergey Kolesov , to be one of 16 works for the 2012 Into the Pixel art exhibition . At the 2012 Gamescom trade fair in August 2012 , the game won the award for " Best of Gamescom " and " Best Console Game " for both the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms . For the same event , Eurogamer named Dishonored as its " Game of the Show " . Attendees of the 2012 Eurogamer Expo named it the number @-@ one game of the show . 
 Due to the addition of a Christmas special in the production schedule , an episode had to be " double banked " with another story ( in this case " The Impossible Planet " and " The Satan Pit " ) for production to finish on time . With " Love & Monsters " , Davies was able to tell a story from a different character 's point of view to allow for only a small appearance by Tennant and Piper . The " Doctor @-@ lite " and " companion @-@ lite " structure has since continued in the programme . The Abzorbaloff was also incorporated into the episode by necessity , as it was the winner of a Blue Peter children 's competition to design a Doctor Who monster . " Love & Monsters " was watched by 6 @.@ 66 million viewers in the United Kingdom and was met with divisive reception by critics and fans . Some praised the complexities of the script , while others felt it was a parody or strayed into offensive humour . Kay and the Abzorbaloff also attracted divided opinions . 
 The Dutch period ended in 1662 when Ming loyalist forces of Zheng Chenggong ( Koxinga ) drove out the Dutch and established the short @-@ lived Zheng family kingdom on Taiwan . The Zhengs brought 70 @,@ 000 soldiers to Taiwan and immediately began clearing large tracts of land to support its forces . Despite the preoccupation with fighting the Qing , the Zheng family was concerned with aboriginal welfare on Taiwan . The Zhengs built alliances , collected taxes and erected aboriginal schools , where Taiwan 's aborigines were first introduced to the Confucian Classics and Chinese writing ( Shepherd 1993 : 92 – 103 ) . However , the impact of the Dutch was deeply ingrained in aboriginal society . In the 19th and 20th centuries , European explorers wrote of being welcomed as kin by the aborigines who thought they were the Dutch , who had promised to return ( Pickering 1898 : 116 – 18 ) . 
 Reubens dated actress Debi Mazar in 1993 after he started attending film premieres with her . Reubens has since credited Mazar with ending his depression from his arrest . 
 The aftermath of World War II , The Holocaust , and the age of the atomic bomb instilled in the sculpture of the mid @-@ 1940s a sense that art should return to its pre @-@ cultural and pre @-@ rational origins . In the literature of the day , writers such as Jean @-@ Paul Sartre advocated a similar reductive philosophy . At an introductory speech in New York City for an exhibition of one of the finest modernist sculptors , Alberto Giacometti , Sartre spoke of " The beginning and the end of history " . Moore 's sense of England emerging undefeated from siege led to his focus on pieces characterised by endurance and continuity . 
 <formula> 
 = = Charts = = 
 After World War II work on the synthesis of liquid crystals was restarted at university research laboratories in Europe . George William Gray , a prominent researcher of liquid crystals , began investigating these materials in England in the late 1940s . His group synthesized many new materials that exhibited the liquid crystalline state and developed a better understanding of how to design molecules that exhibit the state . His book Molecular Structure and the Properties of Liquid Crystals became a guidebook on the subject . One of the first U.S. chemists to study liquid crystals was Glenn H. Brown , starting in 1953 at the University of Cincinnati and later at Kent State University . In 1965 , he organized the first international conference on liquid crystals , in Kent , Ohio , with about 100 of the world ’ s top liquid crystal scientists in attendance . This conference marked the beginning of a worldwide effort to perform research in this field , which soon led to the development of practical applications for these unique materials . 
 = = = Nazi era = = = 
 In a symmetrical character , the middle is drawn first , then the sides . 
 Following the Trust 's efforts , the government agreed to hand over Belfast to the Trustees in July 1971 , with Vice Admiral Sir Donald Gibson as her first director . At a press conference in August the Trust announced " Operation Seahorse " , the plan to bring Belfast to London . She was towed from Portsmouth to London via Tilbury , where she was fitted out as a museum . She was opened to the public on Trafalgar Day , 21 October 1971 . The date was significant , as Belfast was the first naval vessel to be saved for the nation since HMS Victory , Lord Nelson 's flagship at the Battle of Trafalgar . Though no longer part of the Royal Navy , HMS Belfast was granted a special dispensation to allow her to continue to fly the White Ensign . 
 <formula> 
 Parsons petitioned the Virginia General Assembly to establish a public ferry across the South Branch Potomac River , thus connecting his property on both sides of the river . In October 1786 , the Virginia General Assembly passed an act establishing the public ferry at Parsons ' property near the present site of the U.S. Route 50 bridge west of Romney . The assembly 's act set the ferry 's toll at three pence and three farthings per man , and the same price per horse . By 1790 , Parsons was continuing the operation of the ferry , which had become known as " Parson 's Ferry " . On December 26 , 1792 , the Virginia General Assembly passed an additional act for the settlement and regulation of public ferries . The assembly 's act mandated that Parsons ' ferry be " constantly kept " at its location , and established its toll amounting to six cents per man , and six cents per horse . 
 The next morning Sherlock realises " hound " may be an acronym rather than a word . The pair run into DI Lestrade ( Rupert Graves ) who was sent by Mycroft to keep an eye on Sherlock . They interrogate the innkeepers about a past order for meat that John has spotted , which struck him as odd for a vegetarian restaurant . The innkeepers kept a dog on the moor to boost the tourist trade , but assure the investigators they had put it down . This explanation satisfies Lestrade but not Sherlock , who insists the dog he saw was monstrous . Calling Mycroft , Sherlock gains access to Baskerville again . Searching the lower levels of the genetics labs , John finds himself trapped and then hears growling which he assumes is the hound . Locking himself in an empty cage , he calls Sherlock , who rescues him . Sherlock deduces a chemical weapon designed to trigger violent hallucinations was responsible . Retreating into his " mind palace " , a memory technique , Sherlock realises " Liberty " and " In " stands for Liberty , Indiana . After viewing confidential files , he sees " H.O.U.N.D. " was a secret C.I.A. project aimed at creating a hallucinatory anti @-@ personnel chemical weapon , but the project was abandoned several years before . Sherlock realises Frankland , who participated in the project , has continued it in secret . 
 Chadwick accepted that the Americans did not need British help , but that it could still be useful in bringing the project to an early and successful conclusion . Working closely with the director of the Manhattan Project , Major General Leslie R. Groves , Jr . , he attempted to do everything he could to support the effort . He also endeavoured to place British scientists in as many parts of the project as possible in order to facilitate a post @-@ war British nuclear weapons project to which Chadwick was committed . Requests from Groves via Chadwick for particular scientists tended to be met with an immediate rejection by the company , ministry or university currently employing them , only to be overcome by the overriding priority accorded to Tube Alloys . As a result , the British team was critical to the Project 's success . 
 = My Prerogative = 
 When General Andrew Jackson tried and executed two British agents during the First Seminole War in Spanish @-@ held Florida , it precipitated the Great Seminole Debate of 1818 – 1819 in Congress , with some claiming he exceeded his orders from President James Monroe and demanding his censure . Floyd , however , supported Jackson 's actions , maintaining he had acted according to precedent and his orders . He also denied the sovereignty of the Seminole tribes . 
 = = = Psychiatric examination = = = 
 = = Crime = = 
 = = Surface and atmosphere = = 
 " La Llamada " was the first song recorded for Live ! ( 1993 ) . It was written by Selena y Los Dinos backup singer Pete Astudillo and Selena 's brother , principal record producer and songwriter A.B. Quintanilla III . It was produced by Quintanilla III and Argentine music producer Bebu Silvetti . The song was intended to be one of three studio tracks for Selena 's Live ! album . Astudillo and Quintanilla III had spent an hour writing a song together . They wanted to write a song on a topic that many woman face with their boyfriends . Quintanilla III had wanted to empower women , letting them know that they should hold their heads up and remember that life goes on . Selena favored the lyrical content and central theme , a common one in her songs . " La Llamada " was recorded in Corpus Christi , Texas at Selena 's father and manager Abraham Quintanilla , Jr . ' s recording studio Q @-@ Productions . Before Live ! was released , the song was mixed by Brian " Red " Moore , a family friend . Because Selena favored the song , the band released a music video . It was filmed in a beach house in Malibu , California . The video features Selena dancing with guys on one side and woman on the other . In other scenes , Selena is belting the lyrics behind blue curtains . 
 In 1962 , the construction preparations for the Dan Ryan Expressway demolished the only two parks in the Chinatown area ( Hardin Square and Stanford Park ) . Sun Yat @-@ sen Playlot Park , a small , 1 ⁄ 3 acre ( 1 @,@ 300 m2 ) park , was created in the mid @-@ 1970s , however , the community wanted a larger open park space . 
 = = = Awards and honours = = = 
 = { v + w : w ∈ W } , where v is an arbitrary vector in V. The sum of two such elements v1 + W and v2 + W is ( v1 + v2 ) + W , and scalar multiplication is given by a · ( v + W ) = 
 The arrangements in the concert were structured as suites , dubbed " Fantasies " , with multiple songs from each game series positioned and arranged together to tell melodic stories rather than using the conventional medley structure more commonly heard in video game music arrangements . The fanfare , titled Fanfare Overture , was done in a style of traditional fanfares with some accentuated textures in order to introduce all the elements of the orchestra . The Kingdom Hearts suite featured seven songs from the two titles , and was arranged as a romantic piano concerto . Secret of Mana featured six songs featured in the original game . The arrangement made use of notable unique techniques in order to replicate the atmosphere found in the original game ; for example , the choir was used to create " sound effects " such as floor vibration by foot stomping and simulating distant rain with their voices . The Chrono suite featured ten songs from Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross . The suite featured a " crossing " of melodies , in which multiple melodies would be layered on top of one another , resulting in different well @-@ known themes performed simultaneously in harmony . The Final Fantasy suite contained eight songs from the first seven titles in the series . Unlike the other suites , it featured a simpler structure , focusing more on each individual theme rather than overlapping multiple pieces . This was due to a request by Uematsu that the arrangement remain similar to those of prior Final Fantasy concerts . 
 The first monument in Sackville Street was built in 1759 in the location where the Nelson Pillar would eventually stand . The subject was William Blakeney , 1st Baron Blakeney , a Limerick @-@ born army officer whose career extended over more than 60 years and ended with his surrender to the French after the Siege of Minorca in 1756 . A brass statue sculpted by John van Nost the younger was unveiled on St Patrick 's Day , 17 March 1759 . Donal Fallon , in his history of the Pillar , states that almost from its inception the Blakeney statue was a target for vandalism . Its fate is uncertain ; Fallon records that it might have been melted down for cannon , but it had certainly been removed by 1805 . 
 Films are a major form of entertainment , although not all films have entertainment as their primary purpose : documentary film , for example , aims to create a record or inform , although the two purposes often work together . The medium was a global business from the beginning : " The Lumière brothers were the first to send cameramen throughout the world , instructing them to film everything which could be of interest for the public . " In 1908 , Pathé launched and distributed newsreels and by World War I , films were meeting an enormous need for mass entertainment . " In the first decade of the [ 20th ] century cinematic programmes combined , at random , fictions and newsfilms . " The Americans first " contrived a way of producing an illusion of motion through successive images , " but " the French were able to transform a scientific principle into a commercially lucrative spectacle " . Film therefore became a part of the entertainment industry from its early days . Increasingly sophisticated techniques have been used in the film medium to delight and entertain audiences . Animation , for example , which involves the display of rapid movement in an art work , is one of these techniques that particularly appeals to younger audiences . The advent of computer @-@ generated imagery ( CGI ) in the 21st century made it " possible to do spectacle " more cheaply and " on a scale never dreamed of " by Cecil B. DeMille . From the 1930s to 1950s , movies and radio were the " only mass entertainment " but by the second decade of the 21st century , technological changes , economic decisions , risk aversion and globalisation reduced both the quality and range of films being produced . Sophisticated visual effects and CGI techniques , for example , rather than humans , were used not only to create realistic images of people , landscapes and events ( both real and fantastic ) but also to animate non @-@ living items such as Lego normally used as entertainment as a game in physical form . Creators of The Lego Movie " wanted the audience to believe they were looking at actual Lego bricks on a tabletop that were shot with a real camera , not what we actually did , which was create vast environments with digital bricks inside the computer . " The convergence of computers and film has allowed entertainment to be presented in a new way and the technology has also allowed for those with the personal resources to screen films in a home theatre , recreating in a private venue the quality and experience of a public theatre . This is similar to the way that the nobility in earlier times could stage private musical performances or the use of domestic theatres in large homes to perform private plays in earlier centuries . 
 Dylan had been famous , had been the center of attention , for a long time . But now the ante was being upped again . He 'd become a pop star as well as a folk star ... and was , even more than the Beatles , a public symbol of the vast cultural , political , generational changes taking place in the United States and Europe . He was perceived as , and in many ways functioned as , a leader . 
 The first four Tests were drawn , so the fate of the Ashes depended on the fifth Test , which would be timeless . Woodfull could manage only 35 and a duck as Australia lost the Test by 289 runs and thus the Ashes . His 306 runs at 51 @.@ 00 in the Tests placed him third behind Bardsley and Macartney . In the closing stages of the tour , Woodfull compiled his eighth and final century of the campaign , an unbeaten 116 against an England XI in a drawn match . 
 Within the UK , the most common variation is to use lamb instead of mutton . Gloucester Squab pie did not require lamb and suggests any leftover meat could be used . Other ingredients can be included , for example Agatha Christie produced a variant which included hard @-@ boiled eggs and another recipe took the concept of serving with clotted cream and adds cream to thicken . 
 = = Early stages = = 
 Overall , 1800 volunteer students also get involved in this collection , bearing the organisation ’ s " trademark yellow collection boxes and enthusiastic smiles " , regardless of the weather . SHARE always aims to have at least 100 collectors on the streets at any one time . While collection only occurs at Christmas , members of the SHARE Executive visit any resident of the housing schemes that desires visitation , on a regular basis . Although they are not obliged to continue to do this on a permanent basis ( as the executive is changed each school year ) , many develop a strong bond of friendship and keep in touch for years after . 
 Boonen praised Hayman 's victory . He said that Hayman was " the rider nobody was really looking at " and that he had ridden a " good sprint " , although no one had much energy left by the velodrome ; Vanmarcke had faded in the final metres and boxed Boonen in at the bottom of the track . He stated that he had received a text message on the morning of the race from a doctor who had treated him after he fractured his skull in the 2015 Abu Dhabi Tour ; the doctor had said that the day of the race would be the first day that Boonen would be able to get back on his bike . He noted that he " couldn 't be unsatisfied " even though he had not won the race . Stannard described the race as " so close yet so far " and thought that he could have managed a better result than his third place had he not attacked in the final kilometres . He said that he was " super happy " to see Hayman win ; he also said that there were " two more steps to work my way up now " . 
 Tour de Japon - Music from Final Fantasy ( or Tour de Japon ) was a concert tour featuring music from the Final Fantasy video game series that toured Japan from March 12 to April 16 , 2004 . The tour was built upon the success of the 20020220 Music from Final Fantasy concert , and featured seven concerts in six cities . The series of concerts featured music composed by Nobuo Uematsu and arranged by Shiro Hamaguchi . The orchestras were conducted by Taizō Takemoto , as the orchestra in 20020220 had been . Uematsu guest conducted the encores for each performance ; he used a borrowed baton that he had snapped and taped together . Tour de Japon featured fewer non @-@ orchestra performances than 20020220 ; " Opera " Maria & Draco " " featured the singing of Etsuyo Ota , Tomoaki Watanabe , and Tetsuya Odagawa , while Manami Kiyota and Yuji Hasegawa performed songs from Final Fantasy Song Book : Mahoroba during the intermission . Different orchestras were used in each performance ; these were the New Japan Philharmonic Orchestra , Tokyo City Philharmonic Orchestra , Sapporo Symphony Orchestra , Nagoya Philharmonic , Kyushu Symphony , and Osaka Symphoniker Orchestra . One of the performances was recorded and released exclusively on DVD to Nobuo Uematsu Fan Club members . 
 = = = Similar species = = = 
 = = = As parasitoids = = = 
 The standard of Rutherford 's accommodation and his personal conduct attracted criticism from some Bible Students and Jehovah 's Witnesses in the 1930s . Walter F. Salter , the Society 's former branch manager in Canada , wrote a public letter to Rutherford in 1937 , the month he was expelled from the religion , claiming that Rutherford had exclusive use of " luxurious " and " expensive " residences ( in Brooklyn , Staten Island , Germany , and San Diego ) , as well as two Cadillacs and alleged that on more than one occasion he had purchased for Rutherford cases of whiskey , brandy , beer and other liquors , and ' go from " drink to drink " ' . In July 1939 Olin R. Moyle , legal counsel for the Society , wrote an open letter of resignation to the president , in which he complained about behavior of some members of the Watch Tower Society , including Rutherford himself , that he considered excessive and inappropriate . Moyle mentioned California when discussing " the difference between the accommodations furnished to you , and your personal attendants , compared with those furnished to some of your brethren . " Moyle also accused Rutherford of " unkind treatment of the staff , outbursts of anger , discrimination and vulgar language " and condemned his allowing the " glorification of alcohol " at Bethel . Penton notes that Moyle was a " teetotaller " and " puritanical " , but claims Rutherford 's drinking habits were " notorious " and cites unnamed former Brooklyn Bethel workers who told of occasional difficulties in getting Rutherford to the podium to give public talks due to inebriation . 
 The goal of water fluoridation is to prevent a chronic disease whose burdens particularly fall on children and the poor . Another of the goals was to bridge inequalities in dental health and dental care . Some studies suggest that fluoridation reduces oral health inequalities between the rich and poor , but the evidence is limited . There is anecdotal but not scientific evidence that fluoride allows more time for dental treatment by slowing the progression of tooth decay , and that it simplifies treatment by causing most cavities to occur in pits and fissures of teeth . Other reviews have found not enough evidence to determine if water fluoridation reduces oral @-@ health social disparities . 
 = = = Modern polish = = = 
 Johnson 's form for the Aztex attracted the attention of the Portland Timbers , a Major League Soccer expansion side for the 2011 season . At the end of the 2010 league season , Johnson was announced as one of the Timbers first four signings , along with Steve Cronin , Ryan Pore and Bright Dike . Because Portland had second draft pick behind fellow expansion side Vancouver Whitecaps , they announced they had previously signed Johnson , by taking him to their former USL side before the transfer deadline on 14 August and loaning him back to the Aztex for the remainder of the 2010 season . He was listed on the Timbers ' roster as a forward . Johnson was a late substitute for Jorge Perlaza in the Timbers ' first MLS home game and fourth in all , as they defeated Chicago Fire 4 – 2 on 15 April 2011 . 
 = = Service history = = 
 " The Dundies " is the first episode of the second season of the American comedy television series The Office , and the show 's seventh episode overall . Written by Mindy Kaling and directed by Greg Daniels , who is also a producer for the show , the episode originally aired in the United States on September 20 , 2005 on NBC . 
 = = = Collection = = = 
 4AD and Elektra Records continued to release Pixies material in the band 's absence . They released the best @-@ of album Death to the Pixies ( 1997 ) , the Peel @-@ session compilation Pixies at the BBC ( 1998 ) , and the Complete ' B ' Sides compilation ( 2001 ) . Meanwhile , in 2002 material from the band 's original 17 @-@ track demo tape was released as an EP , Pixies , on Cooking Vinyl in the U.K. and SpinArt Records in the U.S. ; Frank Black has also used these labels to release solo work and albums with The Catholics . 
 = = Reception = = 
 The red imported fire ant was first introduced into the United States via the Port of Mobile . Sometime in the late 1930s they came ashore off cargo ships arriving from South America . The ants were carried in the soil used as ballast on those ships . They have spread throughout the South and Southwest . 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 PWB Television Championship ( 1 time ) 
 Canberra 's annual Floriade festival features a large display of flowers every Spring in Commonwealth Park . The organisers of the event have a strong environmental standpoint , promoting and using green energy , " green catering " , sustainable paper , the conservation and saving of water . The event is also smoke @-@ free . 
 " With or Without You " was released as the lead single on 21 March 1987 , with the B @-@ sides " Luminous Times ( Hold on to Love ) " and " Walk to the Water " . The single quickly topped the Billboard Hot 100 , becoming the band 's first number @-@ one hit in America . The song topped the singles chart in Canada , while reaching number four in the UK and number two in the Netherlands . The group originally planned to use " Red Hill Mining Town " as the second single . However , the group were unhappy with the music video filmed by Neil Jordan , and Bono and Mullen had difficulty performing the song during rehearsals . Ultimately , the group canceled the single . Instead , " I Still Haven 't Found What I 'm Looking For " was chosen as the second single , and it was released in May 1987 with the tracks " Spanish Eyes " and " Deep in the Heart " as B @-@ sides . Like its predecessor , it topped the Hot 100 , giving U2 consecutive number @-@ one singles in the US . The single peaked at number six in the UK , Canada , and the Netherlands . By May , sales of the album surpassed 7 million copies worldwide . 
 The sandwich has close ties to New England , particularly to Somerville , Massachusetts , where Archibald Query invented Marshmallow Fluff , and to Lynn , Massachusetts , where Durkee @-@ Mower has produced it for decades . Somerville holds an annual festival called What the Fluff ? based around celebrating Marshmallow Fluff and Fluffernutter sandwiches . The festival incorporates music , visual art , games and a cooking contest based around Fluff and Fluffernutters . In 2011 , NASA astronaut Richard Michael Linnehan , who was born in Lowell , Massachusetts , and ate a Fluffernutter while aboard the International Space Station , acted as one of the contest judges . 
 = = History = = 
 Reviews praised the game 's graphics , sound , and gameplay , but criticized its short span . Chahi , working for 16 hours a day for two months , responded with creating a new level just before the amphitheatre scene , when the alien friend rescues Lester at the end of a long dead @-@ end corridor . Chahi said : " I like this extra level a lot because it reinforces the close relationship between the hero and the alien by developing their mutual aid . " Also added were more dangers and more save points . This ended up being the 1992 DOS version , which was coded by Daniel Morais , and had the exact code wheel protection of the Amiga and ST versions . The Macintosh features higher resolution than the DOS version , but is otherwise identical . 
 = = = Rural houses = = = 
 = = = Organic derivatives = = = 
 They are both naive about sex and technology . Tracy , for example , attempts to telephone Robert to inform him that he 's lost his mobile phone , and believes that she is a lesbian when she discovers her husband in women 's clothing . They have a baby , who is seen or referred to occasionally . This reflects , as the writer observes , Moffat 's inexperience of looking after children at the time . 
 = = = Early years = = = 
 Baroš started representing the Czech Republic in 1997 , at under @-@ 15 level . Over the next three years he moved up to play at higher age groups , specifically under @-@ 16 , 17 and 18 . Baroš played in the 2000 Olympic tournament , making three appearances for the team . He took part in two other major tournaments at junior level : the 2000 UEFA European Under @-@ 21 Football Championship , at which the Czech Republic placed second , and the 2002 UEFA European Under @-@ 21 Football Championship , which the Czech Republic won . 
 " Isn 't She Lovely " was as enthusiastically received — it was Brown 's " favorite number " , and she added that Artie 's " voice sounded great " . It was also Berk 's favorite ; he commented , " I still melt at Artie 's serenade " , and gave it four stars out of five . Gonzalez and Benigno both gave it an " A " , and the latter explained : " the arrangement ... gives the track a wonderful , spontaneous feel " , and " this nerdy white boy has himself some soul . " Kubicek dissented , and explained that Artie getting emotional in song two weeks in a row " is a tad boring " . While most reviewers disliked " Friday " in the original , Rebecca Black version , the commentary for the prom incarnation sung by Puck , Sam and Artie was generally positive despite this — Gonzalez said she hated herself " for giving this horrendously addictive version of a horrendous song a B. " VanDerWerff said the song was " way , way , way too long , though it was more fun than [ he ] expected it to be " , Raymund Flandez of The Wall Street Journal called it " darn good and infectious " , and Mullins said it was " much catchier than the original " . Benigno gave the song an " A − " , and called it a " rafter @-@ raiser " . 
 = = Threat of closure = = 
 On July 26 , 2007 before Saw IV was released , CraveOnline 's horror website ShockTilYouDrop.com announced that Costas Mandylor would sign @-@ on to appear as Mark Hoffman in Saw V and Saw VI . Mandylor commented on his character : " Hoffman is sort of torn of becoming a mad man or becoming a guy that 's more composed , coming from a pure place like Jigsaw . That 's my character 's dilemma ; does he go fucking crazy or follow the rules of the boss ? " Greutert said in an interview with Bloody Disgusting that Saw VI would have the most characters of any Saw film to date but reassured the writers would stay true to previous storylines to prevent any " violations of logic and chronology " . A TV reality show called Scream Queens aired in 2008 on VH1 , in which 10 unknown actresses competed for a " breakout " role in Saw VI . Unknown actress Tanedra Howard won the role . Lionsgate made a public statement ensuring her a leading role in the film but did not elaborate further on her character . 
 = USS Chesapeake ( 1799 ) = 
 = = Reception = = 
 Lewis had suggested that Indraloris might derive from the Adapidae , a primitive group of primates , and in the 1970s some authors provisionally placed Indraloris among the Adapidae . In 1979 , American and Indian paleontologists Philip Gingerich and Ashok Sahni reviewed Indraloris and the Indo @-@ Pakistani " Sivanasua " species . They recognized Sivanasua himalayensis and Indraloris lulli as representing the same species , Indraloris himalayensis , and created the new genus Sivaladapis for Sivanasua palaeindica and another species that had been named later , Sivanasua nagrii . Gingerich and Sahni considered both Indraloris and Sivaladapis to be adapids . 
 = = = = 2013 – 14 : La Decima = = = = 
 = = = Japanese defences = = = 
 Fully electrically controlled analogue brake @-@ by @-@ wire system 
 A controller in the cockpit allowed the visor to be retracted and the nose to be lowered to 5 ° below the standard horizontal position for taxiing and take @-@ off . Following take @-@ off and after clearing the airport , the nose and visor were raised . Prior to landing , the visor was again retracted and the nose lowered to 12 @.@ 5 ° below horizontal for maximum visibility . Upon landing the nose was raised to the five @-@ degree position to avoid the possibility of damage . 
 Howard also participated in the Bill Cronauer camp in Rensselaer , Indiana , which more than 100 college coaches attended . According to the Chicago Sun @-@ Times , he was ranked as one of the top 10 underclassmen in the country during the camp . Howard attended other camps that summer ; his goal was to overcome Thomas , who was the reigning Chicago Tribune basketball player of the year , as the best big man in the state . By the time he ended his college career in 1994 , Howard was drafted a full round ahead of Thomas . 
 Ariel meets Flounder and follows him to a secret underground club where Sebastian and his band play music . There she sings the song " I Remember " , which reminds her of her distant past surrounded by love and music , and of her mother . Ariel introduces her sisters to the club , but eventually they are caught thanks to Marina , who had followed them . Sebastian and his band are imprisoned and the club is closed under Triton 's orders . After arguing with Triton , Ariel breaks the band out of prison and escapes with them . 
 For a decision by a body to be amenable to judicial review , United Kingdom and Singapore law requires the decision to have some public element , and not to relate exclusively to private law matters . The public element is determined by considering if the body 's power stems from a legal source ( the " source test " ) , or if the nature of the body is that it is carrying out some public function ( the " nature test " ) . If the power exercised by a body has a legislative source , it will ordinarily be amenable to judicial review in the absence of compelling reasons to the contrary , but this is not an invariable rule and decisions without a sufficient public element will not be amenable to review . The latter is also the result when a body is regarded has having acted pursuant to a contract between it and the aggrieved party , rather than having exercised its statutory powers . 
 The film 's soundtrack was assembled by Courtney Love ; Graeme Revell composed the original music . Love 's band Hole contributed the song " Drown Soda " . Greg Graffin from Bad Religion was originally supposed to sing the duet of " Let 's Do It , Let 's Fall in Love " with Joan Jett , but due to contractual restrictions he was replaced by Paul Westerberg from The Replacements . Devo recorded a new version of their song " Girl U Want " specifically for the film , as they were big fans of the comic . The soundtrack featured Björk 's song " Army of Me " before it was released as a single . Because of the box office failure of the film , both Björk and her label decided not to use footage from the film in the song 's accompanying music video . 
 The promotional poster for Rise was released in early 2014 . It features a close @-@ up shot of her face with blonde hair and metallic eye shadow . Reveal magazine writer Brigitte Swimer deemed the photograph " smouldering " and went on to offer praise for Beyoncé looking " breathtaking ... rocking flawless skin and perfectly contoured cheeks " . Brittany Talarico of People also reviewed the image positively , calling it " sexy " and noting " one of her signature powerhouse stares as her hair blows wildly around her " . Talarico concluded that the golden theme matched the perfume 's bottle design . 
 Tolkien recorded that Faramir greatly resembled Boromir in appearance , who in his turn is described as " a tall man with a fair and noble face , dark @-@ haired and grey @-@ eyed , proud and stern of glance " . Members of the line of the Stewards were wont to be of a nobler appearance and bearing than most of the inhabitants of Gondor ; in case of Faramir , it is stated that " by some chance the blood of Westernesse [ ran ] nearly true " in him , which was rare . This trait was elaborated by Tolkien through the speech of Pippin : 
 The Conquest of Belgrade is an oil painting by the romanticist Katarina Ivanović , one of Serbia 's first significant female painters . Painted in 1844 – 45 , it depicts the capture of Belgrade by Serbian revolutionaries in late 1806 , during the First Serbian Uprising . 
 = = Taxonomy and phylogeny = = 
 = = Style and the place of religion in sport = = 
 = = Tour dates = = 
 Tropical Storm Allison was a major flood disaster throughout its path from Texas to the Mid @-@ Atlantic . The worst of the flooding occurred in Houston , Texas , where over 35 inches ( 890 mm ) of rain fell . Allison caused over $ 9 billion in damage ( 2001 USD , $ 12 billion 2014 USD ) , making it the costliest tropical storm on record in the United States . The storm also killed 41 people directly , including 27 of whom which drowned . This ties Allison with a tropical storm in 1917 as the second @-@ deadliest tropical storm to impact the US ; only surpassed by the 1925 Florida tropical storm which killed 73 people . 
 Chelsea made an attacking substitution before the start of the second half ; Arjen Robben came on for Makélélé . He made an immediate impact , running past the Arsenal defence in the 48th minute , but his pass failed to reach Shevchenko . Soon after Carvalho was booked for a foul on Aliadière and conceded a free @-@ kick at the edge of Chelsea ’ s penalty box , though nothing came out of it . Both teams continued to fashion chances – a well worked move by Arsenal finished with Fàbregas 's shooting low past Čech in goal , while Chelsea ’ s Robben from 20 yards curled the ball wide . Lassana Diarra was shown a yellow card in the 52nd minute for his challenge on Diaby ; the Arsenal midfielder managed to get past Ballack and Lampard before he was " deliberately bowled over " by his opponent . Robben earnt Chelsea a corner moments after ; from it , Terry attempted a diving header and Diaby , in an attempt to clear , ended up kicking the Chelsea captain , thus knocking him out . After receiving medical attention Terry was immediately stretchered off and taken to the hospital ; he was replaced by John Obi Mikel and Essien was moved to centre back . 
 After incubating for around 80 days , hatchlings dig through the sand to the surface , usually at night , when darkness increases the chance of escaping predation and damage from extreme sand surface temperatures is reduced . Hatchlings enter the ocean by navigating toward the brighter horizon created by the reflection of the moon and starlight off the water 's surface . 
 During a severe storm in February 1913 , 2 inches ( 51 mm ) of rain fell in an hour , setting the streams , creeks and roads awash and damaging the nursery . In October of the same year , another storm destroyed buildings and plantings . Due to the extent of the destruction , and the lack of funds for full repairs , the nursery never fully recovered . Frederick Newman left the nursery in 1925 to run a smaller one in Tea Tree Gully , next to North East Road ; control of the original nursery passed to Harry Newman . With the death of Charles ' wife Mary Ann in 1932 , the property was sold and subsequently used as a dairy . It changed ownership again in 1935 , then used for sheep grazing . The new owner removed everything of value from the property ; slate paving and benches were sold , buildings were stripped to walls and foundations , pine trees lining the entrance road were turned to box wood and some outbuildings were knocked down . Most remaining plants and fruit trees from the property 's nursery days were destroyed by bushfires during Ash Wednesday in 1983 . The ruins of Newman ’ s Nursery consist largely of foundations and walls and are listed on the State Heritage Register . 
 The episode took six days to shoot , which Danny Pudi said is one of the longest for a single episode . 
 The music video for " We Ride " was filmed in Miami and the Florida Keys in August 2006 . It was directed by Anthony Mandler , the director of the previous single 's video , " Unfaithful " . In an interview with Corey Moss of MTV , Rihanna explained the concept behind the inspiration for the video , saying , " We just wanted to reconnect with my peers , let them know I 'm still a teen , I still have friends – but to make something provocative . The ' [ SOS ] ' and ' Unfaithful ' [ concepts ] were so out there , so we pulled it back a little bit . I 'm chilling with my girls some . " The singer continued to talk about the choreographic content , saying , " I 'm dancing [ in the video ] , like technical dance , which was a challenge ... It usually takes years to learn , but we got it done in a few days . And it was beautifully shot . " The video was released to download via iTunes on September 18 , 2006 in Ireland and September 20 , 2006 in the United States . 
 Soon after Macdonald was called to the Bar in February 1836 , he arranged to take in two students ; both became , like Macdonald , Fathers of Confederation . Oliver Mowat became premier of Ontario , and Alexander Campbell a federal cabinet minister and Lieutenant Governor of Ontario . One early client was Eliza Grimason , an Irish immigrant then aged sixteen , who sought advice concerning a shop she and her husband wanted to buy . Grimason would become one of Macdonald 's richest and most loyal supporters , and may have also become his lover . Macdonald joined many local organisations , seeking to become well known in the town . He also sought out high @-@ profile cases , representing accused child rapist William Brass . Brass was hanged for his crime , but Macdonald attracted positive press comments for the quality of his defence . According to his biographer , Richard Gwyn : 
 Reid , Jennifer ; Long , Charles & Carrasco , David ( 2008 ) , Louis Riel and the Creation of Modern Canada : Mythic Discourse and the Postcolonial State , Albuquerque : University of New Mexico Press , ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 8263 @-@ 4415 @-@ 1 
 = = = = The Religion of India : The Sociology of Hinduism and Buddhism = = = = 
 Also in January 2006 , Brown approved a $ 50 @,@ 000 budget for JC 's Girls for the year . By April , seven strippers had attended Sandals Church because of JC 's Girls and strippers from across the United States had contacted the organization looking for local churches . In an attempt to dispel accusations that the JC 's Girls message might be motivated by jealousy , Veitch lost weight and became more physically fit . She said that she wanted strippers " to know that if I wanted to , I could be a stripper again , but I choose to live my life for the Lord . " 
 In 1987 , Filmation released a " thin @-@ veiled " animated sequel to Pinocchio , entitled Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night . Set a year after Pinocchio became a real boy , the movie received mainly negative reviews from critics and was a commercial failure . Disney sued Filmation for copyright infringement , but Filmation won the lawsuit on the grounds that Collodi 's work is in the public domain . In the mid @-@ 2000s , DisneyToon Studios began development on a sequel to Pinocchio . Robert Reece co @-@ wrote the film 's screenplay , which saw Pinocchio on a " strange journey " for the sake of something dear to him . " It 's a story that leads Pinocchio to question why life appears unfair sometimes , " said Reece . John Lasseter cancelled Pinocchio II soon after being named Chief Creative Officer of Walt Disney Animation Studios in 2006 . 
 The Comórtas Amhrán Náisiúnta ( English : National Song Contest ) is the Irish selection process to determine the representatives for Ireland at the annual Pan Celtic Festival . In 2015 , the selection show was held at the Seven Oaks Hotel , in Carlow , on 7 March . 
 The Glee cast covered the song during a thematic episode of their second season . The episode was named " Born This Way " , and aired in the United States in April 2011 , on Fox . Their version of the song was released for digital download , and sold 73 @,@ 000 copies to enter the Billboard Hot 100 at number 44 , and on the Canadian Hot 100 at number 31 . Later , the Glee cover version was performed at the 2011 leg of the Glee Live ! In Concert ! tour , the song also was included on the concert @-@ film Glee : The 3D Concert Movie and the original soundtrack . 
 In May 1985 , designers started work on the F1 project . In late 1985 , designers presented the first exterior study models to F1 management , featuring a sports car @-@ like design with a low @-@ slung hood and narrow front profile . By 1986 , the sedan used a three box design with an upright stance , more prominent grille , and a two @-@ tone body . Extensive modeling and wind tunnel tests resulted in a low drag coefficient for a conventional production vehicle of the time ( Cd 0 @.@ 29 ) . For the passenger cabin , materials selection tests evaluated 24 different kinds of wood and multiple types of leather for two years before settling on specific trim combinations . By 1986 , the Lexus marque was created to support the launch of the flagship sedan , and the vehicle became known as the Lexus LS . Following eight design reviews , subsequent revisions , concept approval in September 1986 , and over US $ 1 billion in development expenses , the final design for the production Lexus LS 400 ( chassis code UCF10 ) was frozen in May 1987 with design patents filed on 13 May 1987 . 
 Ali Ahmed Moumen was a 22 @-@ year @-@ old college senior who died at the SMC on 17 February after being shot by a police in the thigh . His death certificate indicated he died due to " extensive bleeding leading to intractable hypovolemic shock . " Hours before his death he had posted a " status " update on Facebook saying : " My blood is sacrificed for my country . " That night , Moumen was sleeping beside his younger brother and made it out of Pearl Roundabout safely , but , according to his father , was then killed when he tried to return after hearing women and children were trapped . One of his friends said Ali was " shot in the street and merely left to die . " 
 In 1886 , Charley Powers organized a baseball club in New Castle and persuaded Lowe 's employer to allow him to play with the club occasionally . He played catcher and third base for New Castle in 1886 and led the team in batting and baserunning . 
 While we did not always see eye to eye on methods to solve the race problem , I always had a deep affection for Malcolm and felt that he had a great ability to put his finger on the existence and root of the problem . He was an eloquent spokesman for his point of view and no one can honestly doubt that Malcolm had a great concern for the problems that we face as a race . 
 The mintmark appears above the date between the second and third numbers . 
 Some of the old whaling buildings were torn down to make way for new construction in the 20th century , or deteriorated . But the customs house remained in use , as did many of the buildings in its neighborhood . In the mid @-@ 1950s director John Huston came to town with Gregory Peck to film a scene from his adaptation of Moby @-@ Dick in front of the Seamen 's Bethel . Although it was the only scene in the film actually shot in the city , it sparked a resurgence of tourist interest when it was released . 
 Soon after his bankruptcy the United States Post Office Department began investigating him for mail fraud , and Brinkley became a patient himself , having suffered three heart attacks and the amputation of one of his legs due to poor circulation . On May 26 , 1942 , Brinkley died penniless of heart failure in San Antonio ; the mail fraud case had not yet come to trial . He was later buried at Forest Hill Cemetery in Memphis , Tennessee . 
 ( 1996 ) Śrīrāghavendraśatakam ( श ् रीराघवेन ् द ् रशतकम ् ) – Sanskrit hymn of praise . 
 The giant anteater has a low body temperature for a mammal , about 33 ° C ( 91 ° F ) , a few degrees lower than a typical mammalian temperature of 36 – 38 ° C ( 97 @-@ 100 ° F ) . Xenarthrans in general tend to have lower metabolic rates than most other mammals , a trend thought to correlate with their dietary specializations and low mobility . 
 Lisburn House is one of the finest surviving 1860s townhouses in New Zealand . Now run as a bed and breakfast establishment , this house was built in 1865 for the Fulton family , a pioneer farming family at their " Ravenscliffe " property on the Taieri Plains . The house was named for the family 's origins in Lisburn , Northern Ireland , and is Category I heritage listed . William Clayton designed the 12 @-@ room house , notable for its steeply angled slate roof and polychromatic brickwork . Two other Category II heritage buildings are on Fitzroy Street : Faringdon Villa , and an untitled house . 
 Although Hoodoo Gurus officially split in 1998 they signed with Acadia Records , who released the band 's career @-@ spanning compilation Ampology in October 2000 . 
 = = Description = = 
 fuel vapor explosion 
 The question of how much weight needs to be placed by the decision @-@ maker on mandatory or discretionary considerations was addressed by the House of Lords in Tesco Stores Ltd. v. Secretary of State for the Environment ( 1995 ) , a case involving planning permission . In his speech , Lord Hoffmann reiterated that the courts are concerned only with the legality of the decision @-@ making process and not with the merits of the decision : 
 The posts have 4 by 4 feet ( 1 @.@ 2 m × 1 @.@ 2 m ) bases and stand 12 feet ( 3 @.@ 7 m ) in height , while the half walls stand approximately 4 feet ( 1 @.@ 2 m ) . Both structures are made of quarry @-@ faced random ashlar limestone on a cut and smooth finished chamfer stone base . The posts have chamfered edges . The posts include randomly located tan- and brown @-@ colored granite blocks . Similar blocks are at the top and midpoints of the half @-@ walls . The half @-@ walls are coped with recently installed rectangular cut and finished stone slabs that have rough cut edges protruding over the half @-@ walls . An octagonal pyramid of three sequentially smaller cast concrete courses with slightly flared edges cap the posts . The Main Street post faces have the original hexagonal metal and glass light fixtures hanging from metal hooks , while only the hooks remain on the Lamarck faces . 
 Ricki Lake ( Tracy Turnblad in the original film ) as William Morris Talent Agent # 1 , ( Audio ) performs " Mama , I 'm a Big Girl Now " . 
 In September 2010 , Howling Bells started recording The Loudest Engine at the Killers @-@ owned Battle Born Studios in Las Vegas . It was produced by bassist Mark Stoermer , whom the group had met while it toured with The Killers . The relationship between Stoermer and Howling Bells strengthened after the band disembarked from its flight to Las Vegas . The flight had been delayed by more than 12 hours , but he had nonetheless waited for them at the airport . Howling Bells were impressed by his style of work . Rather than overproducing , he kept the amount of takes to a minimum and allowed the band just to play , which kept the sessions very natural . The band members became less conscious of trying to please other people , made the record that they wanted , and hoped that it would change people 's attitudes toward the band . 
 The actual typing of Unknown ( distinct or not from NULL itself ) varies between SQL implementations . For example , the following 
 In addition to the countries taking part , the contest has been screened in Australia every year . Estonia , Finland and Germany also broadcast the inaugural contest in 2003 , followed by Andorra in 2006 and Bosnia and Herzegovina ( in 2006 , 2008 and 2009 ) , however these countries have yet to participate . Since 2006 , the contest has been streamed live on the Internet through the official website of the contest . Australia was invited to sing at the 2015 contest . 
 Once the designs were approved , the artists prepared bronze casts to be sent to the Medallic Art Company in New York . There , hubs would be made that the Mint could use to produce coinage dies , as the company could do it faster than could the Mint . The Panama – Pacific issues are the first American coins known to have been produced from hubs provided by a private company — the Medallic Art Company prepared hubs for the 1913 Buffalo nickel , but it is uncertain if they were used . The Panama – Pacific hubs were sent to the Philadelphia Mint , where the Engraving Department , headed by Barber , would produce the necessary dies . Although the authorizing statute required that the coins be struck in San Francisco , all coinage dies at that time were produced by Barber and his assistants in Philadelphia . 
 = = = Totalitarian regime = = = 
 Ritwik Ghatak , Bengali Indian filmmaker 
 There are mentions in Medieval records of fleets commanded by Scottish kings including William the Lion and Alexander II . The latter took personal command of a large naval force which sailed from the Firth of Clyde and anchored off the island of Kerrera in 1249 , intended to transport his army in a campaign against the Kingdom of the Isles , but he died before the campaign could begin . Viking naval power was disrupted by conflicts between the Scandinavian kingdoms , but entered a period of resurgence in the thirteenth century when Norwegian kings began to build some of the largest ships seen in Northern European waters . These included king Hakon Hakonsson 's Kristsúðin , built at Bergen from 1262 – 3 , which was 260 feet ( 79 m ) long , of 37 rooms . In 1263 Hakon responded to Alexander III 's designs on the Hebrides by personally leading a major fleet of forty vessels , including the Kristsúðin , to the islands , where they were swelled by local allies to as many as 200 ships . Records indicate that Alexander had several large oared ships built at Ayr , but he avoided a sea battle . Defeat on land at the Battle of Largs and winter storms forced the Norwegian fleet to return home , leaving the Scottish crown as the major power in the region and leading to the ceding of the Western Isles to Alexander in 1266 . 
 During the campaign , Combs had advocated a progressive platform that included increased funding for education , highways , parks , industry , and airports . Soon after his election , he won approval for a three @-@ percent sales tax to pay a bonus to military veterans , although he could have funded the bonuses with a one @-@ percent tax . He had asked for the larger tax in order to fund his other priorities . As a result of the sales tax , Combs presided over the state 's first billion @-@ dollar budget . One study showed that Kentucky doubled its per capita expenditures between 1957 and 1962 , growing its appropriations faster than any other state . Combs held large public relations events for each tax @-@ funded project that was completed , declaring in dedication speeches that the sales tax had made the project possible . 
 = Kenny Easley = 
 = = = = EADS / Northrop Grumman KC @-@ 45 = = = = 
 “ Professional Education the Present Want of Agriculture ” ( 1868 ) 
 = Saves ; SA = 
 Within the first decades after Triceratops was described , various skulls were collected , which varied to a lesser or greater degree from the original Triceratops , named T. horridus by Marsh ( from the Latin horridus ; " rough , rugose " , suggesting the roughened texture of those bones belonging to the type specimen , later identified as an aged individual ) . This variation is unsurprising , given that Triceratops skulls are large three @-@ dimensional objects , coming from individuals of different ages and both sexes , and which were subjected to different amounts and directions of pressure during fossilization . Discoverers would name these as separate species ( listed below ) , and came up with several phylogenetic schemes for how they were related to each other . 
 Iwata clarified that the franchise was not abandoned but that the game would no longer be developed for the Nintendo 64 , and Miyamoto added that it was not due to project complications or development hell , but to resources needed for Project Dolphin ( the GameCube ) . Some of the artists had been on the project for over three years . They estimated the project to be about 60 percent complete at the time of cancellation — the basics were complete and only programming was left . About 30 percent of the final product was completed . Itoi felt that it would have taken an additional two years to finish properly , and Iwata said that the game might have been finished by 2000 had the scope been reduced two years earlier . Miyamoto was involved in other work and spent little time on @-@ site with the project , and Iwata too was distracted by bankruptcy concerns at HAL Labs and was off @-@ site in 1999 due to circumstances that required travel . Iwata was also hospitalized during production for stress @-@ related reasons . The team intended to have the game finished by the end of 1999 and knew they had to reconsider their priorities when they missed the milestone . They said that the Mother 3 supervisors had wanted to cancel the project since 1999 , but later changed sides and said that cancellation would be wasteful . They discussed bringing the game to their forthcoming GameCube , which Miyamoto felt would have solved some of the Nintendo 64 's hardware issues . Miyamoto and Iwata also discussed releasing the game on the Game Boy Advance , but realized that it would take " just as much time " with 40 to 50 staff members to make such a game . In retrospect , Iwata wondered out loud in an interview why the game needed to be in 3D when Itoi 's " greatest talent lies in words " and thought that the energy poured into making a 3D game might have been a poor choice . He said he felt " genuinely ashamed " , and acknowledged that they were both " caught up in the 3D obsession and felt obligated " at the time . At the time of its cancellation , Itoi predicted that Mother 3 would remain a story that only the game 's staff would know , but Miyamoto was still interested in bringing the game to fruition . 
 = Bootham Crescent = 
 Boosinger said that while the game retains the comedy of the Ace Attorney series and has great character writing , he found the story to be dull , slow , and too long . Ronaghan called the dialogue funny , and said that the game was well @-@ paced , long , and enjoyable . Goldstein called the story interesting , but said that it at times plays out " like a bad soap opera " . Walker appreciated the choice to make Edgeworth the game 's lead character , and called Kay a fantastic addition . He found the translation of the game to be incredible , despite a number of spelling mistakes . Hopper appreciated that the game has a new protagonist and setting , and called the dialogue " cheesy but charming " . On the other hand , he said that there is a lot of superfluous text in the game , making the cases longer than they need to be . Parker said that it takes some time to get used to playing as Edgeworth , saying that he is not as immediately engaging as Phoenix and Apollo . She called the story deep and intricate , and slow but solid . Ronaghan called the art style and presentation wonderful , and said that each character " oozes with personality " , but that the animation , while better than that in previous titles , was limited to only a few frames at a time . Goldstein called the characters colorful , but found the locations to be uninteresting . Hopper called the game 's aesthetic " anime @-@ esque " and clean , and said that the static images were decent . Parker liked the game 's presentation , and called the environments " beautifully drawn " . 
 Since 1998 , American botanist Austin Mast and co @-@ authors have been publishing results of ongoing cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for the subtribe Banksiinae , which then comprised genera Banksia and Dryandra . Their analyses suggest a phylogeny that differs greatly from George 's taxonomic arrangement . Banksia cuneata resolves as the next closest relative , or " sister " , to a clade containing B. ilicifolia and B. oligantha , suggesting a monophyletic B. subg . Isostylis ; but the clade appears fairly derived ( that it , it evolved relatively recently ) , suggesting that B. subg . Isostylis may not merit subgeneric rank . 
 Many butterflies , such as painted lady , the monarch , and several danaine migrate for long distances . These migrations take place over a number of generations and no single individual completes the whole trip . The eastern North American population of monarchs can travel thousands of miles southwest to overwintering sites in Mexico . There is a reverse migration in the spring . It has recently been shown that the British painted lady undertakes a 9 @,@ 000 @-@ mile round trip in a series of steps by up to six successive generations , from tropical Africa to the Arctic Circle — almost double the length of the famous migrations undertaken by monarch . Spectacular large @-@ scale migrations associated with the monsoon are seen in peninsular India . Migrations have been studied in more recent times using wing tags and also using stable hydrogen isotopes . 
 = = Track listing = = 
 Dorsals - 18 longitudinal rows and 6 to 10 transverse rows , neatly arranged , with 4 rows between hind legs ( 18 longitudinal and 6 to 7 transverse rows , haphazardly arranged , with usually 2 rows between hind legs ) 
 = = Media = = 
 The skeleton is reasonably complete and includes a partial skull . Sauropod skull bones are rarely found , and the Amargasaurus skull is only the second skull known from the Dicraeosauridae . Major parts of the skeleton were found in their original anatomical position : The vertebral column of the neck and back , which consisted of 22 articulated vertebrae , was found connected to both the skull and the sacrum . Of the skull , only the temporal region and the braincase are preserved . The sacrum , despite being partly eroded prior burial , is fairly complete . Most of the tail is missing , with three anterior , three middle , and one posterior vertebrae being preserved , along with fragments of several others . The shoulder girdle is known from the scapula ( shoulder blade ) and coracoid ( which sits on the lower end of the scapula ) , while the pelvis is merely known from the ilium ( the uppermost of the three pelvic bones ) . The limbs are equally fragmentary , with the manus ( hand ) and most of the pes ( foot ) missing . The skeleton is currently stored in the collection of the Bernardino Rivadavia Natural Sciences Museum in Buenos Aires . 
 The red @-@ hued heartwood is coarse @-@ grained and soft . It is sometimes used for turning , but requires careful drying before use to avoid warping . A sample was prepared in Victoria in 1885 as part of a collection of local timber species under the direction of Government botanist Ferdinand von Mueller . The collection was displayed in various exhibitions , including the Exposition Universelle in Paris in 1889 , and is housed at the Melbourne Museum . 
 Part of the SIM 's mission is to provide pinpoint measurements for the two extremes in stellar mass and evolution . The telescope will not be able to measure the mass of every star in the Galaxy , since there are over 200 billion , but instead , it will take a " population census . " Through this technique , SIM will be able to output accurate masses for representative examples for nearly every star type , including brown dwarfs , hot white dwarfs , red giant stars , and elusive black holes . Current space telescopes , including NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , can accurately measure mass for some types of stars , but not all . Estimates put the range for stellar mass somewhere between 8 % the mass of the Sun and in excess of 60 times the mass of the Sun . The entire study will be focused on binary star systems , stars coupled through a mutual gravitational attraction . 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 = = Certifications = = 
 = = Discovery and naming = = 
 For the cover , Benchley wanted an illustration of Amity as seen through the jaws of a shark . Doubleday ’ s design director , Alex Gotfryd , assigned book illustrator Wendell Minor with the task . The image was eventually vetoed for sexual overtones , compared by sales managers to the vagina dentata . Congdon and Gotfryd eventually settled on printing a typographical jacket , but that was subsequently discarded once Bantam editor Oscar Dystel noted the title Jaws was so vague " it could have been a title about dentistry " . Gottfried tried to get Minor to do a new cover , but he was out of town , so he instead turned to artist Paul Bacon . Bacon drew an enormous shark head , and Gottfried suggested adding a swimmer " to have a sense of disaster and a sense of scale " . The subsequent drawing became the eventual hardcover art , with a shark head rising towards a swimming woman . 
 = = Bidding cities = = 
 The engagement was short and one @-@ sided . Lancaster 's plan was to charge across a ford in the river , while the Earl of Hereford – one of the few magnates who had remained loyal to Lancaster – crossed the bridge . Hereford was killed on the bridge , his companion Roger de Clifford , 2nd Baron de Clifford was badly wounded , and this advance failed . Lancaster , meanwhile , came under such heavy archery fire that he had to call off his attack . Defections during the night , combined with royal reinforcements , forced him to surrender the next day , and on 22 March he was executed . The king was greatly pleased with Harclay 's effort , and rewarded him lavishly . On 25 March , Harclay was created Earl of Carlisle , and given land worth 1000 marks a year . On 15 September , he was also made chief Warden of the Marches . 
 Confusion is a commentary on the confused state of post @-@ colonial , urban Nigeria , particularly Lagos , and its lack of infrastructure and proper leadership at the time . In the opening lines , Kuti comments on his social reality : " When we talk say confusion / Everything out of control " . His lyrics decry what he viewed as the colonial mindset of some Africans and employ pidgin English , which was the lingua franca of most people in English @-@ speaking West Africa ; he sings the phrase " pafuka " , which means " all over " or " finished " , and the interjection " o " to add emphasis . 
 If a device key is to be revoked , the media key blocks on all discs manufactured after the time of revocation are encrypted in a way which does not enable the revoked device to obtain a valid processing key . Users trying to view new content on a revoked player would be forced to upgrade their player software to a more secure version , thereby limiting the scope of the compromise each time an exploit is discovered . While a compromised device or processing key could be used to decrypt a large number of discs , BackupHDDVD does not use these keys because they can be revoked by AACS LA . Because the AACS revocation system works by preventing a given device or player from calculating a valid volume unique key , BackupHDDVD circumvents the system entirely by relying on volume or title keys leaked from authorized players . With these keys BackupHDDVD is not subject to device revocation and is able to decrypt the content directly , bypassing the key exchange and verification process . 
 At a prison farm in Stringer , Mississippi , the prisoners are being made to prepare and fortify the prison for a series of devastating tornadoes , which are due to pass through within the next few hours . An argument breaks out between Wilson " Pinker " Rawls ( John Diehl ) and another inmate , causing Pinker to pin the other prisoner 's hand to a wall with a nail . After reporting to the prison warden for the incident , Pinker is made to sit through the tornado in a tiny shack , referred to as " the box " by the prisoners and guards . After the tornadoes pass through the county , the prisoners and guards emerge from their shelters and discover that " the box " has been totally destroyed . One of the prison guards later finds the prison warden 's body split in half around the waist , propping his office door shut from the inside . 
 = = Geology and climatology = = 
 Harvard won its next four games , including victories over Boston University and Boston College for a season sweep of city rivals after beating MIT in November . Harvard 's victory over Boston College was its fourth in a row against the Atlantic Coast Conference team , giving it five consecutive wins overall against ACC teams , including its only two wins against ranked opponents . After rising to 21st in the Coaches ' Poll and 22nd in the AP Poll , Fordham upset Harvard 60 – 54 in January . A 65 – 35 win over Yale three weeks later was Harvard 's widest margin of victory against its Ivy League rival in 183 meetings . Harvard lost its third Ivy League game of the season , falling to Princeton on February 11 , but avenged the loss in a home win on February 24 . That victory gave Harvard a new school record for single @-@ season wins as well as single @-@ season non @-@ league wins and tied the record for conference game wins . A day after beating Princeton , however , Harvard lost to Penn , snapping a 28 @-@ game home winning streak dating to February 20 , 2010 . Nonetheless , Harvard finished the season with a 26 – 4 overall record . The team won Ivy League regular @-@ season title and earned its first invitation to the NCAA tournament since 1946 . Harvard entered the tournament with a 2 – 1 record against teams in the field and was seeded 12th in the East Region . Harvard lost in the second round of the tournament to fifth @-@ seeded Vanderbilt on March 15 by a score of 79 – 70 . 
 Hershberger made his professional debut with the El Paso Texans of the Arizona – Texas League , playing for them in 1930 and 1931 ; in 1931 he had a batting average of .356 . He spent the 1932 season with three minor league teams , and mostly played for the Erie Sailors of the Central League where he hit .339 in 94 games . The following year , Hershberger was promoted to the Binghamton Triplets of the New York – Pennsylvania League ( NYPL ) . For the season , he had a .306 batting average , was named to the NYPL All @-@ Star Team , and helped the Triplets win the NYPL title . In 1934 , he was promoted to the Hollywood Stars of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) , and had a .307 batting average and 18 doubles in 114 games . Hershberger was promoted to the Newark Bears of the International League in 1935 , and had a batting average of .310 . The following year , he split time with the Bears and the Oakland Oaks of the PCL . At one point in the season , he was batting .313 , and was noted as a player who should have a shot at the major leagues . By the end of the season , his average went down to .263 over 89 games . 
 German Cross in Gold on 17 October 1943 as Leutnant in the III . / Jagdgeschwader 52 
 Walton was runner @-@ up in the 2013 Mr. Basketball of Michigan by a 2130 – 2086 margin to Iowa State signee Monte Morris , despite one more first @-@ place vote . Irvin was named 2013 Indiana Mr. Basketball , giving Hamilton Southeastern High School the state 's first back @-@ to @-@ back winners from the same high school ( the other was Gary Harris ) . Walton and Irvin were 2013 Parade All @-@ American honorees , and were named state Boys Basketball Gatorade Player of the Year . Walton was expected to assume the starting point @-@ guard role from Burke , ahead of Spike Albrecht . The class originally included Austin Hatch ( who made a verbal commitment on June 13 , 2011 ) , but Hatch was critically injured in a June 24 plane crash which killed his parents . 
 = = = Legacy = = = 
 Kilner first came into the Yorkshire side as a batsman . He was considered a good , reliable batsman when he began , although his style was regarded by Yorkshire critics as unorthodox to the point where they disapproved of some of his unusual , eccentric shots . For Yorkshire , he appeared high in the order , but batted between number seven and number nine for England . If the circumstances of the game demanded it , he was able to play slowly and defensively and restrain his naturally aggressive style . He was particularly effective while playing the drive and pull shot . For most of his career , his effectiveness as a batsman was not compromised by his improvement and increasing workload as a bowler . 
 Mr. Burns - ( Boss Character ) Waylon Smithers fights on Mr. Burn 's behalf while Burns stands outside of the ring . Their strongest attack involves Mr. Burns throwing explosives into the ring that do not affect Smithers . They are only playable in the Mr. Burn 's Office level . 
 The first plans for serving Hammerfest with an airline route was launched in a government plan from 1933 . It proposed that flights in Northern Norway be carried out using seaplanes , and proposed Hammerfest as one of several stops on a route from Trondheim to Vadsø . Norwegian Air Lines ( DNL ) received the concession to operate all routes in Norway from 1935 , resulting in the coastal route from Bergen to Tromsø commencing . The following year a connecting route from Tromsø via Hammerfest to Honningsvåg was subcontracted to Widerøe . The water aerodrome in Hammerfest was located at Rypefjord and consisted of a buoy where the aircraft parked ; passengers were transported to the aircraft in a boat . All flights were terminated in 1939 and remained so until the end of World War II in 1945 . 
 = = Gallery = = 
 Although bobcats have been hunted extensively by humans , both for sport and fur , their population has proven resilient though declining in some areas . The elusive predator features in Native American mythology and the folklore of European settlers . 
 SMS Wien ( " His Majesty 's Ship Vienna " ) was one of three Monarch @-@ class coastal defense ships built for the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy in the 1890s . After her commissioning , the ship participated in an international blockade of Crete during the Greco @-@ Turkish War of 1897 . Wien and the two other Monarch @-@ class ships made several training cruises in the Mediterranean Sea in the early 1900s . They formed the 1st Capital Ship Division of the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy until they were replaced by the newly commissioned Habsburg @-@ class predreadnought battleships at the turn of the century . In 1906 the three Monarchs were placed in reserve and only recommissioned for annual summer training exercises . After the start of World War I , Wien was recommissioned and assigned to 5th Division together with her sisters . 
 = = Controversy = = 
 = = Description = = 
 Finale : Vivace 
 Social ecological behaviours are notable in the social insects , slime moulds , social spiders , human society , and naked mole @-@ rats where eusocialism has evolved . Social behaviours include reciprocally beneficial behaviours among kin and nest mates and evolve from kin and group selection . Kin selection explains altruism through genetic relationships , whereby an altruistic behaviour leading to death is rewarded by the survival of genetic copies distributed among surviving relatives . The social insects , including ants , bees , and wasps are most famously studied for this type of relationship because the male drones are clones that share the same genetic make @-@ up as every other male in the colony . In contrast , group selectionists find examples of altruism among non @-@ genetic relatives and explain this through selection acting on the group ; whereby , it becomes selectively advantageous for groups if their members express altruistic behaviours to one another . Groups with predominantly altruistic members beat groups with predominantly selfish members . 
 Boston College ( ACC : 3 – 3 ) could travel to the ACC Championship Game if they won out by beating both Wake Forest and Maryland . Boston College eventually did just that , and lost to Virginia Tech in the 2008 ACC Championship Game . Florida State ( ACC : 4 – 3 ) would have won the Atlantic Division if they beat Maryland , Maryland beat Boston College , and Boston College beat Wake Forest . Under those circumstances , Florida State would have finished with a 5 – 3 record , tied with Maryland . Florida State would win the tiebreaker because they had defeated Maryland head @-@ to @-@ head . As it happened , Maryland lost to Boston College , which relegated Florida State to a second @-@ place finish in the division . Wake Forest ( ACC : 4 – 3 ) would have won the division if they won their last game against Boston College , and both Florida State and Boston College beat Maryland . In that case , Florida State and Wake Forest would have had identical conference records ( ACC : 5 – 3 ) , and Wake Forest would have won the tiebreaker because they defeated Florida State earlier in the season . 
 The Mitchell Freeway began as a highway proposed in the Metropolitan Region Scheme in the mid @-@ 1950s . The original plan took the route , then known as Yanchep Highway , inland from what is now known as Karrinyup Road to the intersection of Wanneroo Road and Balcatta Road . However , the first gazetted edition of the Metropolitan Region Scheme , from 1963 , shows a controlled @-@ access highway along the current freeway alignment . The later plan only detailed the route up until a point east of Sorrento , at a proposed east @-@ west controlled @-@ access highway on the modern day Hepburn Avenue alignment . 
 For the film adaptations , the Office for Film and Broadcasting of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops has rated each film either " A @-@ II " or " A @-@ III " , meaning the content was not found to be morally offensive . The Episcopal Conference named the film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban as one of the ten best family films of 2004 , and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 1 as one of the best movies of 2010 . 
 " Next to You " featuring Justin Bieber – 4 : 25 
 Bani Na 'im ( Arabic : بني نعيم , Banî Na ‘ îm ) is a Palestinian town in the southern West Bank located 8 kilometers ( 5 @.@ 0 mi ) east of Hebron in the Hebron Governorate . Known as Brekke in the pre @-@ Roman era , it was later referred to as " Caphar Barucha " in the 4th @-@ century . The town is best known as the burial place of Lot . Following the Muslim conquest , its name was Arabized as " Kafr al @-@ Barik . " The tomb of Lot was turned into a mosque during Islamic rule and remained so under Crusader rule . Later , the Arab tribe of " Bani Nu 'aym " settled there , giving the town its current name " Bani Na 'im , " first used by Muslim scholar Abd al @-@ Ghani al @-@ Nabulsi in 1690 . 
 At the 2001 UK census , 84 @.@ 8 % of Royton 's residents reported themselves as being Christian , 0 @.@ 8 % Muslim , 0 @.@ 4 % Hindu , and 0 @.@ 1 % Buddhist . The census recorded 7 @.@ 9 % as having no religion , 0 @.@ 1 % had an alternative religion and 5 @.@ 9 % did not state their religion . 
 = = = 16th century = = = 
 = = = = Sexy Teacher and All @-@ American Diva ( 2006 – 2008 ) = = = = 
 After its debut album Murmur ( 1983 ) received critical acclaim , R.E.M. quickly began work on its second album . The group wrote new material prodigiously ; guitarist Peter Buck recalled , " We were going through this streak where we were writing two good songs a week [ ... ] We just wanted to do it ; whenever we had a new batch of songs , it was time to record " . Due to the number of new songs the group had , Buck unsuccessfully tried to convince everyone to make the next album a double record . In November 1983 , the band recorded 22 songs during a session with Neil Young producer Elliot Mazer in San Francisco . While Mazer was briefly considered as a candidate to produce the band 's next album , R.E.M. ultimately decided to team up again with Murmur producers Mitch Easter and Don Dixon . 
 " ( Don 't Go Back To ) Rockville " – 4 : 55 
 = = Reception = = 
 = = = Rock , metal , and punk = = = 
 The worst impact was confined to Bandera County . The impact in the county stemmed from flooding of the Medina River which , infused with high rainfall , produced a 500 @-@ year flood . In Bandera , the Medina turned into a 50 feet ( 15 m ) wall of water , which destroyed several of the trees along the river in addition to causing various items to litter the roads . In isolated areas , there was an odor from decaying livestock . Two people were witnessed clinging to a roof that was swept into the Medina . A further 100 people were cut off due to the river flood . 10 – 15 houses were washed away and the courthouse became an evacuation center by virtue of being the only area above the water . Electricity and all phone lines save the Sheriff Department line were knocked out in the city and several houses that were still standing had standing water inside them . At the riverfront Camp Bandina , eight people were reported killed while 100 children escaped by staying at the church camp nearby . The Peaceful Valley Ranch was nearly decimated , with only the building foundations still remaining . Six people were killed by the floods while sleeping while 20 guests and staff rode out the storm by clinging to trees and roofs for six hours . The town of Medina was rendered inaccessible by road after the Medina combined with the Sabinal River . There were also reports of looting in the county , but no arrests were made . One of the survivors of the flooding in this area was former Miss USA Kimberly Tomes , whose family was vacationing at a dude ranch in the area . After leaving and grabbing onto a tree , she witnessed cars and mobile homes passing by . 
 On October 25 , 2003 , " Me Against the Music " debuted at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 . It was Spears 10th chart hit , as well as the first of her entries that she had co @-@ written . " Me Against the Music " was incidentally Madonna 's 50th chart entry , 20 years after her first appearance on the Hot 100 with " Holiday " the week of October 29 , 1983 . It was also the first song in chart history to feature Madonna , and her first chart entry not produced by her since " Love Don 't Live Here Anymore " in 1996 . On the issue dated November 29 , 2003 , " Me Against the Music " peaked at number 35 . On the component charts , the song peaked at the top of Hot Dance Club Songs and at number 11 on Pop Songs . It won the " Hot Dance Single of the Year " accolade at the 2004 Billboard Music Awards . As of June 2012 , it has sold 60 @,@ 000 physical copies and 281 @,@ 000 digital downloads according to Nielsen Soundscan . " Me Against the Music " also peaked at number two on the Canadian Singles Chart . 
 = = = Pacific emergence and last Uruguayan triumphs : 1980 – 1989 = = = 
 General characteristics 
 Born in Canada to Scottish immigrants , Naismith studied physical education at McGill University in Montreal before moving to the United States , where he developed basketball in late 1891 while teaching at the International YMCA Training School in Springfield , Massachusetts . After receiving his MD in Denver in 1898 , Naismith moved to the University of Kansas , later becoming the Kansas Jayhawks ' athletic director . 
 = = Media = = 
 Once microbubbles have formed , they can grow by either a reduction in pressure or by diffusion of gas into the gas from its surroundings . In the body , bubbles may be located within tissues or carried along with the bloodstream . The speed of blood flow within a blood vessel and the rate of delivery of blood to capillaries ( perfusion ) are the main factors that determine whether dissolved gas is taken up by tissue bubbles or circulation bubbles for bubble growth . 
 Religious beliefs were central to the Kingdom of Nri . Nri oral tradition states that a bounty of yams and cocoyams could be given to the eze Nri , while blessings were given in return . It was believed that Nri 's influence and bountiful amount of food was a reward for the ruler 's blessings . Above all , Nri was a holy land for those Igbo who followed its edicts . It served as a place where sins and taboos could be absolved just by entering it . Even Igbo living far from the center of power would send abnormal children to Nri for ritual cleansing rather than having them killed , as was sometimes the case for dwarfs or children who cut their top teeth before their lower teeth . 
 Method Man 
 = = Content and reception = = 
 = = = Rainforests = = = 
 HMS Kent , pennant number 54 , was a County @-@ class heavy cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the late 1920s . She was the lead ship of the Kent subclass . After completion the ship was sent to the China Station where she remained until the beginning of the Second World War , aside from a major refit in 1937 – 38 . Kent hunted the German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee in the East Indies in late 1939 and then was reassigned to troop convoy escort duties in the Indian Ocean in early 1940 . She was transferred to the Mediterranean in mid @-@ 1940 , but was torpedoed shortly after arriving . The ship was under repair for a year and was then assigned to Home Fleet where she escorted convoys to and from North Russia for the next several years . In mid @-@ 1944 Kent escorted British aircraft carriers as their aircraft made attacks on German shipping and airfields in Norway . A few months later was flagship of a force that intercepted a German convoy in Norwegian waters and sank two freighters and five escorts . The ship was paid off in early 1945 and placed in reserve until she was used as a target . Kent was sold for scrap in 1948 . 
 On 16 August , Rajab was sentenced to one year in prison on each of three charges for a total of three years . Charges were " involvement in illegal practices and inciting gatherings and calling for unauthorized marches through social networking sites " , " participation in an illegal assembly " , and " participation in an illegal gathering and calling for a march without prior notification . " Public prosecutors stated that Rajab 's " provocation of his supporters " had incited violence , including the road blockades and petrol bomb attacks . " The Public Prosecution produced evidence that the accused had called in public speeches for a demonstration to confront public security personnel , inciting violence and escalation against law enforcement officers , resulting in deaths during those confrontations " , a public prosecutor said . The appeal was scheduled to take place on 10 September . Rajab was placed in Jaw prison . On 20 August , he was allowed to make a two @-@ minute call to his family . He told them he was in solitary confinement with no access to newspapers . 
 = = = 777 @-@ 300 = = = 
 In 1294 Madog ap Llywelyn rebelled against English rule . The revolt was bloody and amongst the casualties was Roger de Pulesdon , the sheriff of Anglesey . Edward suppressed the rebellion over the winter and once Anglesey was reoccupied in April 1295 he immediately began to progress the delayed plans to fortify the area . The chosen site was called Beaumaris , meaning " fair marsh " , whose name derives from the Norman @-@ French Beau Mareys , and in Latin the castle was termed de Bello Marisco . This was about 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) from Llanfaes and the decision was therefore taken to move the Welsh population of Llanfaes some 12 miles ( 19 km ) south @-@ west , where a settlement by the name of Newborough was created for them . The deportation of the local Welsh opened the way for the construction of a prosperous English town , protected by a substantial castle . 
 The highest points are Flaughton Hill at the island 's centre , Fersness Hill at West Side , Vinquoy Hill to the north and Ward Hill to the south , which reaches 101 metres ( 331 ft ) . In Orkney this last name , which derives from the Norse varði , is a common one for the highest point on an island as in the past they were used for lighting warning beacons . 
 The Sue storyline garnered many unfavorable reviews . Reiter criticized her inconsistent characterization , which made her actions seem " like fragments pasted together to form a disjointed collage . " While VanDerWerff was more favorable , he wrote that Sue 's jokes about committing " Sue @-@ icide " were " neither dark enough to provoke a startled burst or laughter nor funny enough to overcome their central tastelessness " , and called the scene in the pediatric oncology ward " woefully misjudged and inappropriately hilarious . " The Atlantic 's Meghan Brown found the use of seriously ill children " borderline offensive " , and called Sue 's suicide attempt " in totally bad taste " . Miriam Krule of NPR felt that Glee treated suicide too lightly , and in doing so sent a mixed message to its youth audience . Poniewozik wrote that Sue has become " a burden on the show " , and described her as " a breakout character who 's broken out of the constraints of recognizable character . " He questioned the point of her arc , and suggested that the attempt at humanizing her was redundant , as viewers already know Sue to be capable of compassion . 
 armed with the much earlier but as yet unproven hypotheses of Sir William Jones concerning matters of language and race , and was intimately acquainted with Risley 's theories of racial origins . Grierson also followed a similar ex ante deductive methodology in his research . 
 Busoni 's first son , Benvenuto ( known as Benni ) , was born in Boston in 1892 , but Busoni 's experience at the Boston Conservatory proved unsatisfactory . After a year he resigned from the Conservatory and launched himself into a series of recitals across the Eastern USA . 
 From the mid @-@ 1950s , the United Nations began to express concern over apartheid , and there was a growing general awareness in Britain of its effects . In 1960 the UK Prime Minister Harold Macmillan criticised apartheid in his " Wind of Change " speech to the South African parliament . However , the British government was cautious ; the large number of British passport holders and businesses based in South Africa made them reluctant to force the issue and provoke a confrontation . Additionally , there was support for the policy among some right @-@ wing politicians . When the MCC team toured South Africa in 1956 – 57 , the players observed and were shocked by what they considered to be injustices against the black population . As many players and officials had family and friends in the country , they were disinclined to take a stand , but several condemned the situation in print at the time or later . 
 " Vision of Love " was nominated for three Grammy Awards at the 33rd annual ceremony , held on February 20 , 1991 : Record of the Year , Song of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance , winning the latter . Additionally , the song received the Soul Train Music Award for Best R & B / Soul Single , Female and a Song of the Year Award at the BMI Pop Awards . Devon Powers from Popmatters has stated during the release of Carey 's Greatest Hits album that " Mariah 's Greatest Hits moves chronologically through that remarkable career , beginning with “ Vision of Love ” , the 1990 single that introduced the singer to instant stardom . Still , after so many years and songs , it ’ s by far among her best , if not the best — a simple testament to the incredible pipes that gave her a permanent place in pop cultural memory . Powers added that " From its first moments , the song demands to be legendary — a gong crash smolders low as Mariah ’ s gospel @-@ inspired vocals hum confidently , grandly . " 
 = = = Health = = = 
 Troubles with the Barbary States were suppressed during the United States ' preoccupation with France and the Quasi @-@ War by the payment of tribute to ensure that American merchant ships were not harassed and seized . In 1801 , Yusuf Karamanli of Tripoli was dissatisfied with the amount of tribute that he was receiving in comparison to Algiers , and he demanded an immediate payment of $ 250 @,@ 000 , equal to $ 3 @,@ 555 @,@ 500 today . In response , Thomas Jefferson sent a squadron of frigates to protect American merchant ships in the Mediterranean and to pursue peace with the Barbary States . 
 The second storm of the season was first identified on August 25 to the east of Florida as a tropical depression . Around this time , several ships were reporting winds up to 25 mph ( 35 km / h ) in the vicinity of the system . Traveling towards the northeast , the storm gradually intensified , attainting tropical storm status around 0600 UTC the next day . Several hours later , a ship recorded a pressure of 1010 mbar ( hPa ) while located in the vicinity of the system . The storm turned towards the west @-@ northwest later that day and forward motion began to increase . 
 = 1984 European Cup Final = 
 = = = Practice and qualifying = = = 
 = = Results = = 
 = = = Military = = = 
 Promotional tie @-@ ins included Lego Pirates of the Caribbean toy sets and a related video game , a cell phone app by Verizon Wireless , a special edition of Pirate 's Booty , lines of nail polish by OPI , clothing from Hot Topic , and jewelry from Swarovski . Goldline International produced replicas of the " Pieces of Eight " coins from the movies and gold Mexican Escudo coins , which were given in sweepstakes at the El Capitan Theatre . At Disney California Adventure Park , the Pirates of the Caribbean segment of the World of Color show was extended to include visual clips and music from On Stranger Tides . 
 = = Professional career = = 
 After its release , the album debuted on the Billboard 200 at number forty @-@ six on August 15 , 1987 , the same week that the title song " Who 's That Girl " reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 . In the week ending September 12 , 1987 , the record reached its peak position at number seven . It remained on the chart for twenty @-@ eight weeks , and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of one million copies across the United States . Who 's That Girl sold 1 @.@ 5 million copies across the nation . In Canada , the album debuted at eighty @-@ five on the RPM Albums Chart , on August 1 , 1987 . After seven weeks , the soundtrack climbed to its peak of four on the chart . The soundtrack was placed at position thirty @-@ seven , on the RPM Top 100 Albums for 1987 chart and was present on the chart for thirty weeks . 
 Before the event went live on pay @-@ per @-@ view , Maven defeated Rhyno in a match taped for Sunday Night Heat . The first match that aired was between Edge and Shawn Michaels . Edge mocked Michaels by performing some of Michaels ' signature taunts during the match . Edge gained the advantage after an Edge @-@ O @-@ Matic ( sitout rear mat slam ) outside the ring . Michaels fought back until Edge left the ring . Michaels came after him , but , with the referee 's distraction , Edge speared Michaels , both outside and inside the ring . Michaels then knocked Edge off the second rope and executed a diving elbow drop . Edge countered a superkick attempt into an electric chair drop and applied the Edgecator . Michaels broke the hold and attempted a roll @-@ up , but Edge rolled through and pinned Michaels while holding the ropes . 
 In Norse mythology , Ask and Embla ( from Old Norse Askr ok Embla ) — male and female respectively — were the first two humans , created by the gods . The pair are attested in both the Poetic Edda , compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources , and the Prose Edda , written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson . In both sources , three gods , one of whom is Odin , find Ask and Embla and bestow upon them various corporeal and spiritual gifts . A number of theories have been proposed to explain the two figures , and there are occasional references to them in popular culture . 
 Quinine wouldn 't be successfully synthesized until 1918 . Synthesis remains elaborate , expensive and low yield , with the additional problem of separation of the stereoisomers . Though quinine is not one of the major drugs used in treatment , modern production still relies on extraction from the cinchona tree . 
 In Paris , Zajączek quickly became involved with the active emigre groups there . Hoping to sway revolutionary France into supporting the Polish cause , many Poles , including him , volunteered to join the French Revolutionary Army , eventually leading to the creation of the Polish Legions in Italy led by Jan Henryk Dąbrowski , which became a part of Napoleon 's army . On 8 March 1797 Napoleon ordered that Zajączek should be recognized as an active brigade general of the French army . That year he published a brochure on his experiences of the 1794 war , Histoire de la révolution de Pologne en 1794 , in which he tried to justify his actions . Zajączek was , however , still unpopular among the Polish troops , many of whom blamed him for the fall of Praga ; due to frequent personal conflicts , Zajączek chose to remain with the French army , rather than joining the Legions themselves . Over the coming years , he took part in the French Revolutionary Wars . He took part in the 1798 Egyptian Expedition . There he also served as a governor of several provinces , first , from July that year , of the Monufia Governorate , later , from January 1799 , simultaneously of the Faiyum Governorate and Beni Suef Governorate . On 25 January 1800 he defeated Murad Bey at the Battle of Sédiman . In 1801 he was promoted to division general , and later took part in the failed defense of Alexandria . 
 Although it is believed that relations between Umar and Khalid , cousins , were always something short of cordial , both of them apparently harboured no ill @-@ will towards each other . Upon his death , he bequeathed his property to Umar and made him the executor of his will and estate . 
 The discovery of this process was partially responsible for the end of the U.S. government 's hurricane modification experiment Project Stormfury . This project set out to seed clouds outside the eyewall , causing a new eyewall to form and weakening the storm . When it was discovered that this was a natural process due to hurricane dynamics , the project was quickly abandoned . 
 The stadium effect is a phenomenon observed in strong tropical cyclones . It is a fairly common event , where the clouds of the eyewall curve outward from the surface with height . This gives the eye an appearance resembling an open dome from the air , akin to a sports stadium . An eye is always larger at the top of the storm , and smallest at the bottom of the storm because the rising air in the eyewall follows isolines of equal angular momentum , which also slope outward with height . In tropical cyclones with very small eyes , the sloping phenomenon is much more pronounced . 
 SMS Scharnhorst ( " His Majesty 's Ship Scharnhorst " ) was an armored cruiser of the Imperial German Navy , built at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg , Germany . She was the lead ship of her class , which also included her sister SMS Gneisenau . Scharnhorst and her sister were enlarged versions of the preceding Roon class ; they were equipped with a greater number of main guns and were capable of a higher top speed . The ship was named after the Prussian military reformer General Gerhard von Scharnhorst and commissioned into service on 24 October 1907 . 
 The aforesaid kings of Böglunga sögur most likely refer to Rögnvaldr and his son , Guðrøðr ( died 1231 ) , although it is not impossible that the king ' Rögnvaldr ' in this source may instead refer to Ragnall , and that the king ' Guðrøðr ' in it may actually refer to Rögnvaldr himself , since the latter 's father was named Guðrøðr . Whatever the case , the events depicted in Böglunga sögur appear to show that , in the wake of destructive Norwegian activity in the Isles , which may have been some sort of officially sanctioned punishment from Scandinavia , Rögnvaldr and his son ( or instead perhaps Ragnall and Rögnvaldr ) travelled to Norway where they rendered homage to the Norwegian king , and made compensation for unpaid taxes . 
 David Stevens , ' The War Cruise of I @-@ 6 , March 1943 ' in Australian Defence Force Journal No. 102 September / October 1993 . Pages 39 – 46 . 
 Characterized by his " raspy and strong " voice and charismatic on @-@ stage performances , Bueno became an instant success on the Argentine musical scene . His image differed from that of other tropical music bands that wore bright colors and had long , curly hair . Bueno 's hair was short , dyed usually in blue , turquoise , red or violet . He wore fitted shirts with jeans and cowboy boots . He was known for his mixture of facial gestures and poses that accompanied his bravado image . Bueno was heavily involved with the creative process of his act . He produced his own records , wrote his own songs and designed the visuals for his shows , including the looks of the stage and graphic campaigns , such as flyers and posters . 
 Colour key : Green 
 San Casciano was captured shortly afterwards and the final assault on Florence began on 1 August . A Squadron was in reserve and B Squadron patrolled northward . C Squadron advanced on Geppetto , covering the left flank of the 6th New Zealand Infantry Brigade . Geppetto was captured the next morning and C Squadron patrolled forward to San Michele . B Squadron advanced with the Maori Battalion , ending the day and advancing the next morning with that unit . C Squadron moved west on Route 67 until it was halted by opposition near Grioli and A Squadron advanced to Scandicci in the afternoon as Florence fell . 
 Writing in The Observer in January 2014 , Nick Mirsky , head of documentaries at Channel 4 , said that Love Productions intentionally selected an area where a high proportion of the residents were in receipt of welfare payments " to show the effect of benefit cuts on a community for whom they were the principal source of income " . The filming and production process took eighteen months . Both Mirsky , and Ralph Lee , Channel 4 's head of factual programming , said the residents of James Turner Street were consulted about the series before filming began . Cameras observed them over the course of a twelve @-@ month period . The decision to call the series Benefits Street was taken two weeks before the programme aired . The comedian Frank Skinner , who is from the West Midlands , was approached to narrate the documentary but turned it down because he had concerns about how people from Birmingham would be portrayed , and did not wish to criticise the city . The voice @-@ over was provided by former Coronation Street actor Tony Hirst instead . 
 = = = = Reintegration of Eastern Slavonia = = = = 
 The last ordinary dictator was appointed in 202 BC . After 202 BC , extreme emergencies were addressed through the passage of the senatus consultum ultimum ( " ultimate decree of the senate " ) which suspended civil government , and declared something analogous to martial law . It declared " videant consules ne res publica detrimenti capiat " ( " let the consuls see to it that the state suffer no harm " ) which , in effect , vested the consuls with dictatorial powers . There were several reasons for this change . Up until 202 BC , dictators were often appointed to fight plebeian unrest . In 217 BC , a law was passed that gave the popular assemblies the right to nominate dictators . This , in effect , eliminated the monopoly that the aristocracy had over this power . In addition , a series of laws were passed , which placed additional checks on the power of the dictator . 
 The bobsleigh and alpine skiing events were held the day before the opening ceremonies . Competitors in these events were unable to attend the festivities in Oslo ; consequently simple opening ceremonies were held at Frognerseteren , site of the bobsleigh events , and Norefjell , site of the alpine skiing events . 
 Kenwyne Joel Jones CM ( born 5 October 1984 ) is a Trinidadian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Atlanta United and the Trinidad and Tobago national team , whom he captains . 
 Created by Moore as his own take on Joker 's source and psychology , the story became famous for its origin of the Joker as a tragic character ; a family man and failed comedian who suffered " one bad day " that finally drove him insane . Moore stated that he attempted to show the similarities between the two characters . The story 's effects on the mainstream Batman continuity also included the shooting and paralysis of Barbara Gordon ( a.k.a. Batgirl ) , an event that laid the groundwork for her to develop the identity of Oracle . 
 There had to be a cost . There had to be a price somebody paid for that discovery . Not everybody could take that . Not everyone could just say , " OK , that didn 't work out , let 's go on to next week 's episode . " It felt like somebody would just say , " No , I 'm done . I just want to find a little moment of time where I can feel good about myself one last time , then I 'm finished with this long nightmare . " And that seemed like that would be Dualla . 
 The portion of Redman Road north of modern NY 360 in Hamlin was a state highway as early as 1920 ; however , it was not assigned a designation until the early 1940s , when it became NY 215 . At the time , it was the primary highway to and from Hamlin Beach State Park on the Lake Ontario shoreline , as no continuous east – west lakeside roadway existed at the time . This changed in the late 1940s and early 1950s following the construction of the Lake Ontario State Parkway , a lakeshore highway connecting the park to NY 261 in Greece . The parkway began east of NY 215 at Moscow Road and provided a direct connection to Hamlin Beach State Park from Greece , and eventually Rochester . As a result , NY 215 became merely an alternate route to the park . 
 Due to flirtations with characters of various genders and sexuality , fans have speculated Deadpool as pan- or omnisexual . Writers Gerry Duggan and Gail Simone , as well as Terry Miller , the director of the Deadpool film , accepts the fan theory . However , Fabian Nicieza , one of the creators of the character , stated on Twitter that such speculation on his sexuality is invalid because his “ brain cells are in CONSTANT FLUX . He can be gay one minute , hetero the next , etc . ” The comment upset many fans , for it suggests that Deadpool ’ s sexuality is linked to his mental disorder . 
 She has won a total of twenty @-@ eight medals in major international competition , fourteen gold , nine silver , and five bronze spanning the Olympics , World and the Pan Pacific Championships . 
 = = = Current placement = = = 
 Through the middle decades of the 19th century , the use of salicylate medicines — including salicin , salicylic acid , and sodium salicylate — grew considerably , and physicians increasingly knew what to expect from these medicines : reduction of pain , fever , and inflammation . However , the unpleasant side effects , particularly gastric irritation , limited their usefulness . By the 1880s , the German chemical industry , jump @-@ started by the lucrative development of dyes from coal tar , was branching out to investigate the potential of new tar @-@ derived medicines . The turning point was the advent of Kalle & Company 's Antifebrine , the branded version of the well @-@ known dye derivative acetanilide — the fever @-@ reducing properties of which were discovered by accident in 1886 . Antifebrine 's success inspired Carl Duisberg , the head of research at the small dye firm Friedrich Bayer & Company , to start a systematic search for other chemical fever @-@ reducers . Bayer chemists soon developed Phenacetin , followed by the sedatives Sulfonal and Trional . 
 Storm of Zehir was ready for mass production on November 1 , 2008 and was released on November 18 , 2008 in North America , November 21 in Europe , and December 11 in Australia . It was also made available for download on digital distribution service Direct2Drive . 
 = = Production = = 
 Leeds made an immediate impact on their first season back in the top flight , however the team gained a reputation for rough play , and Charlton admitted in his autobiography that " the way we achieved that success made me feel uncomfortable " . They went 25 games unbeaten before losing to Manchester United at Elland Road – their title race meant that the two clubs built up an intense rivalry . Leeds needed a win in their final game of the season to secure the title but could only manage a 3 – 3 draw with Birmingham City at St Andrew 's – Charlton scored the equalising goal on 86 minutes but they could not push on for a winner . They gained some measure of revenge over Man United by beating them 1 – 0 in the replay of the FA Cup semi @-@ finals . Leeds met Liverpool in the final at Wembley , and the game went into extra @-@ time after a goalless draw . Roger Hunt opened the scoring three minutes into extra @-@ time , but seven minutes later Charlton headed on a cross for Bremner to volley into the net for the equaliser ; with seven minutes left Ian St. John scored for Liverpool to win the game 2 – 1 . 
 = Iftah Ya Simsim = 
 Garbage decided the best way to start writing the album was to set up their recording equipment , guitars , keyboards , drum kit and a sampler and " jam " as a group . Their improvisation led the inspiration of a few songs such as " Shut Your Mouth " , where the band played for three hours while Manson spontaneously composed melody and lyrics , while " Breaking Up the Girl " came from both Erikson and Vig strumming acoustic guitars in the studio lounge . The band felt that it was foremost that the new songs worked on an emotional level with Manson 's vocals and lyrics . The initial sessions ultimately led to around 32 song ideas to develop further . 
 There were also a few positive reviews . One such review came from Fraser McAlpine of BBC , who opened , " It 's one of the fundamental laws of pop , anything which tips a nod to ' You Spin Me Round ( Like A Record ) ' by Dead Or Alive is going to be worth a listen . " He continued , " Even though this is just a song written from the perspective of a randy man watching a pole @-@ dancer and bragging about how much money he has [ ... ] in a manner which would make Akon blush , there 's just something kind of cute about the whole thing . " McAlpine attributed this to the song 's " Tigger @-@ beat " , explaining , " How can anything too sordid be going on when everyone is bouncing around like they 're on spacehoppers ? " Bill Lamb of About.com commented , " You will hear echoes of another pop classic , but the new song stands on its own feet . " However , he noted that while pop music fans would appreciate it , hip hop listeners would likely dismiss it , and he added that " [ i ] t 's not groundbreaking by any means " . 
 Documentary and mockumentary productions set in the city include Irshad Ashraf 's St. Richard of Austin , a tribute to the American film director Richard Linklater , and Cluj @-@ Napocolonia , a mockumentary imagining a fabulous city of the future . 
 4th – Anne Thompson , IndieWire 
 WWE introduced its World Heavyweight Championship in 2002 , by Eric Bischoff with Triple H becoming the inaugural champion on September 2 . However , its origin is attributed the first world heavyweight championship , and then to events that began in the National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) , which had many different territorial promotions as members . In the late 1980s , World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) was a member of the NWA , having been formed by the purchase of Jim Crockett Promotions ( JCP ) , which had absorbed many other NWA members , by Turner Broadcasting , which aired WCW 's programming . During this time , WCW used the NWA World Heavyweight Championship as its world title . The WCW World Heavyweight Championship was soon established when the recognition was awarded to then @-@ NWA World Heavyweight Champion Ric Flair in 1991 . In 1993 , WCW seceded from the NWA and grew to become a rival promotion to the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) , itself a former member of the NWA . Both organizations grew into mainstream prominence and were eventually involved in a television ratings war dubbed the Monday Night Wars . Near the end of the ratings war , WCW began a financial decline which culminated in March 2001 with the WWF 's purchase of selected assets of WCW . As a result of the purchase , the WWF acquired the video library of WCW , select talent contracts , and championships among other assets . The slew of former WCW talent joining the WWF roster began " The Invasion " which effectively phased out the WCW name . Following this , the WCW World Heavyweight Championship was unified with the WWF Championship , the WWF 's world title , at Vengeance in December . At the event , the WCW World Heavyweight Championship was decommissioned with Chris Jericho becoming the final WCW World Heavyweight Champion and the subsequent Undisputed WWF Champion after defeating The Rock and Steve Austin respectively . The WWF title became the undisputed Championship in professional wrestling until September 2002 with the creation of this World Heavyweight Championship , spun off from the Undisputed WWE Championship as the successor to the WCW World Heavyweight Championship . 
 Comedo extraction may temporarily help those with comedones that do not improve with standard treatment . A procedure for immediate relief is the injection of corticosteroids into the inflamed acne comedone . 
 = New York State Route 18 = 
 On August 24 Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller announced that her government would provide JA $ 225 million in emergency assistance to the country 's agriculture sector , especially the parishes of Portland , Clarendon , St. Thomas , Manchester , St. Catherine and St. Elizabeth . JA $ 100 million was immediately allocated to the purchase of fertilizers , JA $ 25 million to the Blue Mountain coffee farmers , and the Agriculture Ministry 's JA $ 50 million fruit tree programme was accelerated . She also announced that the National Housing Trust had established a JA $ 500 million programme to provide loans at 6 % per annum for emergency repairs . The National Housing Trust also made JA $ 200 million available to the Hurricane Relief Fund . The government provided tarpaulins , 10 @,@ 000 of which were shipped in after the storm , free of charge to patch houses with damaged roofs . 
 World Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Bryan Clark 
 = = Background and recording = = 
 The French team traditionally played in blue shirts , white shorts , and red socks , the colors of the national flag , and as such were nicknamed les tricolores . Due to the mostly blue strip the French team currently wears , the team is now often referred to as les Bleus ( the Blues ) , like many other French sporting teams . When this strip clashes with that of their opponents , such as in games against Scotland and Italy , French players wear white . New strips were developed for the 2007 World Cup , one of which is a darker blue . In June 2011 they relaunched another kit which they wear blue shirt , blue shorts and blue socks for their home kit and they wear white shirt , white shorts and white socks for their away kit . 
 The music for " Miles Away " was the first song of Hard Candy to be composed . After hearing it , Madonna began singing and writing the lyrics for the song . In an interview with MTV , Madonna said that the song was inspired by her then husband , Guy Ritchie . " So many people have to deal with long @-@ distance relationships . It 's not easy . You have to work hard to make it work . " When asked if the song was autobiographical , she said : 
 CR 106 originated in 1824 , when the road was chartered for the New Turnpike and headed from Monroe to Haverstraw . Back in the 1820s , what is now Southfields was known as Monroe . The New Turnpike started at a nail factory in Monroe to a crossing over the Ramapo River , and progressed eastward , passing Lake Stahahe ( then known as Car Pond ) . The turnpike continued eastward , meeting the Old Turnpike at a fork in the road . At the fork , part of the road became NY 210 in the 1930 New York State Route renumbering . In 1910 , when the park opened , the road became known as the Southfields Road . Three years later , it became part of the Seven Lakes Drive . Three more years later , the route became known as County Highway 416 . In 1919 and 1920 , the western section of the road was reconstructed . After a bridge was built to cross a river in 1923 , a new route , making up part of the original Warwick Turnpike , became NY 17A . 
 In August 2013 , the owner of a website faced legal action when he used Tasci 's name on his social network page . 
 = = = Domestic of the Schools and the war with Bulgaria = = = 
 1x 20 mm ShVAK cannon 
 = = Composition and recording = = 
 Dendrocollybia racemosa fruit bodies have small pale grayish @-@ white or grayish @-@ brown caps up to 1 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 in ) wide , and thin stems up to 6 cm ( 2 @.@ 4 in ) long . The species is characterized by its unusual stem , which is covered with short lateral branches . The branches often produce spherical slimeheads of translucent conidiophores on their swollen tips . The conidiophores produce conidia ( asexual spores ) by mitosis . Because the fungus can rely on either sexual or asexual modes of reproduction , fruit bodies sometimes have reduced or even missing caps . The unusual stems originate from black pea @-@ sized structures called sclerotia . The anamorphic form of the fungus , known as Tilachlidiopsis racemosa , is missing the sexual stage of its life cycle . It can reproduce at relatively low temperatures , an adaptation believed to improve its ability to grow quickly and fruit on decomposing mushrooms . 
 Pintails in North America at least have been badly affected by avian diseases , with the breeding population falling from more than 10 million in 1957 to 3 @.@ 5 million by 1964 . Although the species has recovered from that low point , the breeding population in 1999 was 30 % below the long @-@ term average , despite years of major efforts focused on restoring the species . In 1997 , an estimated 1 @.@ 5 million water birds , the majority being northern pintails , died from avian botulism during two outbreaks in Canada and Utah . 
 F @-@ Zero X has five different gameplay modes : GP ( Grand Prix ) Race , Practice , Time Attack , Death Race , and VS Battle . In GP Race , the player races against 29 opponents through 3 laps of each track in a cup . Players get a certain number of points for finishing a track depending on where they placed , and the winner of the cup is the character who receives the most total points . If the player has a " spare machine " — the equivalent of an extra life — then falls off a track or runs out of energy , the race can be restarted . Each cup has four selectable difficulty levels : Novice , Standard , Expert , and Master . The higher the difficulty level selected , the tougher the opponents , and less spare machines the player starts with . Furthermore , the three cups initially available are ordered by increasing difficulty ( Jack , Queen and King respectively ) and have 6 tracks each . Eventually , the player can unlock the Joker Cup with its set of 6 tracks , followed by the X Cup . The X Cup is a set of 6 randomly generated tracks every time played . The randomized track elements lack loops and can be simplistic , but others are intricate . 
 Gordon Banks 
 Gilles Grimandi , Dixon and Overmars scored a goal apiece in Arsenal 's victory at Leicester City in early December . Matthew Upson was forced to come off the pitch before the half @-@ hour mark , after suffering a knee injury . Arsenal only managed a draw against Wimbledon on 18 December 1999 ; Henry 's second half goal cancelled out Wimbledon 's opener – a cross by Marcus Gayle met Carl Cort , whose shot hit goalkeeper Alex Manninger 's left leg and went in . The poor form over Christmas continued : Arsenal lost 3 – 2 to Coventry City on Boxing Day . Rob Hughes of The Times noted his concerns about Arsenal 's defence , which : " ... conceded 17 goals last season but now , at the halfway stage , [ ... ] have already let in 20 " , but did go on to add " there was nothing lacking in the tenacity of Arsenal . " Vieira made his return for the match against league leaders Leeds United , who were eight points in front of Arsenal . Wenger reshuffled the defence , dropping Dixon and Winterburn for Luzhny and Sylvinho , while Grimandi replaced Keown who was injured . Ljungberg and Henry scored for Arsenal in their 2 – 0 win to put the team third at the end of 1999 . Adams suggested after the Leeds match that his opponents ' inexperience and thin squad would jeopardise their chances of winning the league : “ They are still involved in the UEFA Cup and the FA Cup as well . So come February time they will start to feel that pressure – and you don 't know what it is like until you have been through it . " 
 Although faced with overwhelming opposition , Perroud did not surrender , maintaining a steady cannonade on the approaching ship of the line with Bellone 's own stern chasers and occasionally turning to release a full broadside . The variable winds prevented Rattlesnake joining the battle and also delayed Powerful 's approach ; Bellone succeeded in causing casualties on Plampin 's deck but failed to damage the ship of the line 's rigging or sails , which would have facilitated her own escape . For an hour and 45 minutes the battle continued with neither ship able to land a decisive blow on the other , until , at 18 : 45 , it was clear that Powerful would soon be within range with her main broadside . Perroud surrendered rather than see his ship destroyed . 
 [ N ] ot only do opinions diverge widely , but they are frequently adhered to strongly , even vehemently : at one extreme is the view that since we can never be certain that a computer has been used it is pointless to attempt a distinction , so we should simply evaluate a ' study ' on its content , without reference to its origins ; at the other extreme is the view that using a ' mouse ' to lift an interesting position from a ready @-@ made computer @-@ generated list is in no sense composing , so we should outlaw every such position . 
 Bernard Waldman ( October 12 , 1913 – November 1 , 1986 ) was an American physicist who flew on the Hiroshima atomic bombing mission as a cameraman during World War II . 
 Nicknames 
 " Big @-@ Match John " 
 = Dark Angel ( TV series ) = 
 = = = Books = = = 
 = = Operators = = 
 In 2000 , plans were made for Ross to join Wilson and Birdsong for a planned " Diana Ross & the Supremes : Return to Love " reunion tour . However , Wilson passed on the idea , because while the promoters offered Ross $ 15 million to perform , Wilson was offered $ 4 million and Birdsong less than $ 1 million . Ross herself offered to double the amounts both Wilson and Birdsong had originally been offered , but while Birdsong accepted , Wilson remained adamant , and as a result the deal fell through with both former Supremes . Eventually , the " Return to Love " tour went on as scheduled , but with Payne and Laurence joining Ross , although none of the three had ever been in the group at the same time and neither Payne nor Laurence had sung on any of the original hit recordings that they were now singing live . Susaye Greene was also considered for this tour , but refused to audition for it . The music critics cried foul and many fans were disappointed by both this and the shows ' high ticket prices . Though the tour did well in larger markets including near capacity at the opening night in Philadelphia and a sellout at Madison Square Garden in New York , it under performed in smaller / medium markets . The tour was canceled after playing only half of the dates on itinerary . 
 Although dating from 1195 to about 1400 , Lichfield Cathedral has an interior which presents a harmonious appearance , much of which is due to its having undergone extensive restoration and refurnishing in the 19th century . The nave is very fine and the Lady Chapel is apsidal with very tall windows , giving a rather French impression . Lichfield is the only one of the cathedrals to have retained three spires . 
 That same year , Divine decided to get back in contact with his estranged parents . His mother had learned of his cinematic and disco career after reading an article about the films of John Waters in Life magazine , and had gone to see Female Trouble at the cinema , but had not felt emotionally able to get back in contact with her son until 1981 . She got a friend to hand Divine a note at one of his concerts , leading Divine to telephone her , and the family was subsequently reunited . The relationship was mended , and Divine bought them lavish gifts and informed them of how wealthy he was . In fact , according to his manager Bernard Jay , he was already heavily in debt due to his extravagant spending . In 1982 , he then joined forces with young American composer Bobby Orlando , who wrote a number of Hi @-@ NRG singles for Divine , including " Native Love ( Step By Step ) , " " Shoot Your Shot " , and " Love Reaction " . To help publicize these singles , which proved to be successful in many discos across the world , Divine went on television shows like Good Morning America , as well as on a series of tours in which he combined his musical performances with comedic stunts and routines that often played up to his characters ' stereotype of being " trashy " and outrageous . Throughout the rest of the 1980s , Divine took his musical performances on tour across the world , attaining a particularly large following in Europe . 
 In 2011 , construction began to widen I @-@ 94 / I @-@ 69 approaching the Blue Water Bridge , a project completed in 2012 . The widening project added dedicated lanes for local traffic and for Blue Water Bridge traffic with a new permanent welcome center expected to open in 2015 , replacing the temporary one near Capac . The lane configuration changes have confused drivers in the area , especially those with outdated GPS devices , a problem first noted as the department was preparing to reopen the freeway in October 2012 . As a result , MDOT installed updated signs complete with American and Canadian flags to help prevent drivers from heading to Canada by mistake . 
 Jimmy Dykes took over as Athletics ' manager in 1951 , and had high hopes for Tipton heading into the season , saying that he " is a lot better catcher than most people think . " In May , Tipton was hit in the head by a stray baseball bat during a game , and spent some time in the hospital as a result . He split time with Astroth and Ray Murray during the season , but appeared in a career @-@ best 72 games , hitting .239 with 51 walks . After the season ended , Tipton was part of Lefty O 'Doul 's American baseball team that toured Japan . To start the 1952 season , Tipton was rumored to be the subject of a trade involving the Boston Red Sox and two of their players , but the deal never materialized . Tipton missed part of May with a kidney infection , and struggled upon returning , hitting .191 in 23 games . In late June , he was waived by the Athletics and picked up by the Indians . He spent the rest of the year with them , and finished with nine home runs , 30 RBIs , and a .225 average in 66 games . 
 In the 1993 – 94 season , Millwall moved into the first purpose @-@ built all @-@ seater stadium , after the Taylor Report on the Hillsborough disaster . The Hammers were promoted , spending ten seasons in the Premier League and it was twelve years until they played at Millwall 's new ground , The New Den . On Mothering Sunday , 24 March 2004 , Millwall beat West Ham 4 – 1 , with two goals from Tim Cahill , one from Nick Chadwick and a Christian Dailly own goal . Marlon Harewood scored the West Ham goal . This is the largest winning margin between the sides in the Football League . In an eventful game , Millwall missed one penalty and had another saved by West Ham goalkeeper Stephen Bywater , who was subsequently sent off . Violence also broke out between the opposing fans . Millwall fans and the media named the match " The Mothers ' Day Massacre " . 
 The observation that all these Apis species engage in polyandry has led researchers to conclude that worker policing is plesiomorphic for the Apis genus . 
 Murali Sharma as The Assistant Commissioner of Police 
 Kapadia 's only film of 2011 was Nikhil Advani 's Patiala House , a sports film revolving around cricket in which she was cast as Rishi Kapoor 's wife and her son in @-@ law , Akshay Kumar 's mother . The role was small , with Times of India 's Nikhat Kazmi commenting that she " does end up a bit underutilised " . As of December 2011 , Kapadia is set to appear in her third non @-@ Hindi and first Malayalam @-@ language film , Bombay Mittayi , for which she started learning the language . She plays the wife of a celebrated Ghazal singer , played by Amar Singh , on whose behest she was offered the part . Her starring film What the Fish was released on 13 December 2013 . 
 The day was hot , 87 ° F ( 31 ° C ) by one account and humid , and the Confederates suffered under the hot sun and from the Union counter @-@ battery fire as they awaited the order to advance . When Union cannoneers overshot their targets , they often hit the massed infantry waiting in the woods of Seminary Ridge or in the shallow depressions just behind Alexander 's guns , causing significant casualties before the charge began . 
 This distinctly German phenomenon has been continued and expanded further by subsequent bands . Formed in 1996 , the Berlin based In Extremo has also found chart success with their " medieval style stage garb and unashamed usage of such bizarre , sometimes hand made , instruments as the Scottish bagpipes . " Another band that has experienced commercial success in Germany is the Bavarian outfit Schandmaul . Describing themselves as the " minstrels of today , " the band employs a musical arsenal that includes the bagpipes , barrel organ , shawm , violin and mandolin . 
 A " working mom " , as described by Paltrow , Elizabeth is the central figure in the detective process . Despite being among the virus ' first victims , Paltrow believed that Elizabeth was " lucky " , as she thought the disease 's survivors were being left to deal with the newly difficult conditions of everyday life , such as finding food and potable water . When on location in Hong Kong , Paltrow was instructed by Soderbergh to take photographs to be used in the film , and admitted she was apprehensive about the assignment . " I was just another tourist taking pictures " , she said , and added , " I did feel a little pressure . When Steven Soderbergh gives you a photo assignment , you had better come back with something decent . " 
 The company built and immediately sold a group of houses in Battersea , then still a rural village . The proceeds of the sale were used to purchase a plot of land in Salford for development , and by 1874 the company had developments in Liverpool , Birmingham , Gosport and Leeds . 
 Yamaguchiube – Yamaguchi Ube Airport 
 Many factors affect the write amplification of an SSD . The table below lists the primary factors and how they affect the write amplification . For factors that are variable , the table notes if it has a direct relationship or an inverse relationship . For example , as the amount of over @-@ provisioning increases , the write amplification decreases ( inverse relationship ) . If the factor is a toggle ( enabled or disabled ) function then it has either a positive or negative relationship . 
 The Exeter Domesday Book records that , at the death of Edward the Confessor in 1066 , the site was held ( probably by lease from the Abbey ) by one Uluert , and by Roger de Corcella at the time of the survey in 1086 . When Roger de Corcella died , sometime before or around 1100 , the land passed to the Malets , a very prominent Norman family , who caused their name to be added to that of the settlement ( and also of another of their holdings , Curi – now Curry Mallet ) . 
 The ' supposed ' last night of the gardens was on 5 September 1839 when it attracted 1089 people . Vauxhall was sold at auction on 9 September 1841 for £ 20 @,@ 000 , following bankruptcy of the owners , after which it re @-@ opened , but it was permanently closed in 1859 , and most of the land sold for building purposes . 
 = = Release history = = 
 Frome has three twin towns : Château @-@ Gontier in France , Murrhardt in Germany and Rabka @-@ Zdrój in Poland . 
 The Leisure Centre offers a wide range of activities including swimming , indoor bowls , squash and a gym , originally opened in 1974 , and refurbished through October 2015 to May 2016 . There are also water based sports including the Frome and Warminster Dive Club , and Canoe Club . There is an inland diving centre near Frome at Vobster . 
 Around this same time , Julian also became entangled in an interpersonal conflict with his laboratory assistant , Robert Thompson . Julian had recommended Thompson for dismissal in March 1932 . Thompson sued Julian for " alienating the affections of his wife " , Anna Roselle Thompson , stating he had seen them together in a sexual tryst . Julian counter @-@ sued him for libel . When Thompson was fired , he too gave the paper intimate and personal letters which Julian had written to him from Vienna . Dr. Julian 's letters revealed " how he fooled the [ Howard ] president into accepting his plans for the chemistry building " and " how he bluffed his good friend into appointing " a professor of Julian 's liking . Through the summer of 1932 , the Baltimore Afro @-@ American published all of Julian 's letters . Eventually , the scandal and accompanying pressure forced Julian to resign . He lost his position and everything he had worked for . 
 On April 5 , 1952 , biochemist Durey Peterson and microbiologist Herbert Murray at Upjohn published the first report of a fermentation process for the microbial 11α @-@ oxygenation of steroids in a single step ( by common molds of the order Mucorales ) . Their fermentation process could produce 11α @-@ hydroxyprogesterone or 11α @-@ hydroxycortisone from progesterone or Compound S , respectively , which could then by further chemical steps be converted to cortisone or 11β @-@ hydroxycortisone ( cortisol ) . 
 The F @-@ 111C represented the most significant maintenance challenge undertaken by the RAAF , and No. 3 AD 's hangars and workshops were extensively revamped before and after the new bomber 's entry into service in mid @-@ 1973 . The depot was responsible for major upgrades and complex maintenance involving stripping down the airframe and engines , while intermediate @-@ level servicing was carried out by No. 482 ( Maintenance ) Squadron , a unit of No. 82 Wing . After General Dynamics in Fort Worth , Texas , had modified the first of four F @-@ 111Cs earmarked to be brought up to RF @-@ 111C standard for photographic reconnaissance , No. 3 AD modified the remaining three aircraft at Amberley during 1980 . In 1982 – 83 , the depot upgraded to C @-@ model standard four F @-@ 111As delivered to replace the four F @-@ 111Cs from the RAAF 's original order that had been lost through accidents . It conducted the F @-@ 111 Pave Tack infra @-@ red and laser @-@ guided precision weapons targeting system upgrade in 1985 . No. 3 AD also took on responsibility for maintenance of Boeing CH @-@ 47 Chinooks after the helicopters entered service with No. 12 Squadron , based at Amberley , in September 1973 . The depot had no familiarity dealing with significant damage to the Chinook , and when one of the helicopters crashed following an engine failure in 1975 the repairs were not completed until 1981 . 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 = Amy Wyatt = 
 According to Fedor Kondratev , an expert of the Serbsky Center and supporter of Snezhnevsky and his colleagues who developed the concept of sluggish schizophrenia in the 1960s , those arrested by the KGB under RSFSR Criminal Code Article 70 ( " anti @-@ Soviet agitation and propaganda " ) , 190 @-@ 1 ( " dissemination of knowingly false fabrications that defame the Soviet state and social system " ) made up , in those years , the main group targeted by the period of using psychiatry for political purposes . It was they who began to be searched for " psychopathological mechanisms " and , therefore , mental illness which gave the grounds to recognize an accused person as mentally incompetent , to debar him from appearance and defence in court , and then to send him for compulsory treatment to a special psychiatric hospital of the Ministry of Internal Affairs . The trouble ( not guilt ) of Soviet psychiatric science was its theoretical overideologization as a result of the strict demand to severely preclude any deviations from the " exclusively scientific " concept of Marxism – Leninism . This showed , in particular , in the fact that Soviet psychiatry under the totalitarian regime considered that penetrating the inner life of an ill person was flawed psychologization , existentionalization . In this connection , one did not admit the possibility that an individual can behave " in a different way than others do " not only because of his mental illness but on the ground alone of his moral sets consistently with his conscience . It entailed the consequence : if a person different from all others opposes the political system , one needs to search for " psychopathological mechanisms " of his dissent . Even in cases when catamnesis confirmed the correctness of a diagnosis of schizophrenia , it did not always mean that mental disorders were the cause of dissent and , all the more , that one needed to administer compulsory treatment " for it " in special psychiatric hospitals . What seems essential is another fact that the mentally ill could oppose the totalitarianism as well , by no means due to their " psychopathological mechanisms " , but as persons who , despite having the diagnosis of schizophrenia , retained moral civic landmarks . Any ill person with schizophrenia could be a dissident if his conscience could not keep silent , Kondratev says . 
 = = Plot = = 
 The planet Krypton , unstable from years of industrial mining , faces impending destruction . Jor @-@ El , chief advisor to Krypton 's supreme council , recommends a full @-@ scale evacuation of the planet 's inhabitants . Before any action can be taken , soldiers led by General Zod , an old friend of Jor @-@ El 's , launch an uprising and arrest the councilors . Realizing that Krypton is doomed , Jor @-@ El steals genetic codes sought by Zod and infuses them into the DNA of his infant son , Kal @-@ El – the first naturally born Kryptonian child in centuries . Donning his old armor , Jor @-@ El sacrifices his life to allow his son to escape on a preprogrammed spacecraft . Zod orders the rocket 's destruction , only to learn that forces loyal to the council have suppressed the rebellion . In a brief trial , Zod and several of the surviving rebels are convicted of treason and sentenced to the Phantom Zone seconds before Krypton explodes . 
 Another cut to the game is the character of Darkel , a revolutionary urchin who vowed to bring down the city 's economy . When references to Darkel were found in the game 's code , speculation arose that the character was related to 9 / 11 , however Dan Houser explained that the character had been cut " months before [ release ] " . There are also reports and previews stating that the game featured school children as pedestrians prior to release , although Rockstar has dismissed such rumours as " nonsense " . 
 Many technological processes require control of liquid spreading over solid surfaces . When a drop is placed on a surface , it can completely wet , partially wet , or not wet the surface . By reducing the surface tension with surfactants , a nonwetting material can be made to become partially or completely wetting . The excess free energy ( σ ) of a drop on a solid surface is : 
 P is the excess pressure inside liquid 
 The 1980s were challenging for Holden and the Australian automotive industry . The Australian Government tried to revive the industry with the Button car plan , which encouraged car makers to focus on producing fewer models at higher , more economical volumes , and to export cars . The decade opened with the shut @-@ down of the Pagewood , New South Wales production plant and introduction of the light commercial Rodeo , sourced from Isuzu in Japan . The Rodeo was available in both two- and four @-@ wheel drive chassis cab models with a choice of petrol and diesel powerplants . The range was updated in 1988 with the TF series , based on the Isuzu TF . Other cars sourced from Isuzu during the 1980s were the four @-@ wheel drive Jackaroo ( 1981 ) , the Shuttle ( 1982 ) van and the Piazza ( 1986 ) three @-@ door sports hatchback . The second generation Holden Gemini from 1985 was also based on an Isuzu design , although , its manufacture was undertaken in Australia . 
 = = Geography = = 
 The soundtrack of the game was composed by Ashif Hakik and Todd Masten of Womb Music , while the sound design was created by New Media Audio , a subsidiary of Technicolor Creative Services . Masten was contracted to create the score for the game after leaving Vicarious Visions and returning to California from New York . Based on his research of the Crash Bandicoot series ' " very recognizable " sound palette , Masten incorporated numerous percussive tonal instruments into the score of Crash Nitro Kart . Masten extensively used the then @-@ recently released Reason program by Propellerhead Software in the writing of his score for the game , making Crash Nitro Kart Masten 's first entirely digital score . Universal Interactive was so satisfied with the score Masten created that he was asked to remix a custom soundtrack disc as part of a special package deal with Walmart ; Crash Nitro Kart is the second video game composed by Masten to receive a soundtrack release . The game is also among the first to support the 5 @.@ 1 surround sound format . 
 In 2009 , Susan was seen offering to become a surrogate for her daughter Libby . Following a fight with the hospital board , Susan became pregnant . However , this causes friction with her son @-@ in @-@ law . Following a fall , Susan loses the baby . Woodburne called the scenes " difficult " to film . Alan Fletcher said the storyline " could have been dreadful in the wrong hands " , but he was pleased at the way the scenes were handled . He added " The notion of a mother being a surrogate for their daughter is something you can 't pretend is not controversial . The writers embraced that and showed how Susan 's decision divided the community , and has potential to divide the family " . Neighbours ' timeslot presented difficulties for the storyline . The writers were forced to tone the plot down to comply with guidelines . Woodburne said " Because of the time of day that our show is on — it 's on at 6 @.@ 30 here and day time in the UK — obviously doing something as controversial as surrogacy at that time slot we would be so restricted by censorship " . The storyline received mixed reactions from viewers . Woodburne said that people believe Susan is " such a good mother and it 's awesome she 's prepared to do this for Libby and Dan " . Other viewers have said that Susan should not have got involved and that the storyline was ridiculous as Susan is too old . Neighbours executive producer Susan Bower also spoke out about the storyline and said " I 've had quite a few letters from people in England who 'd heard about it before it was even in the papers in Australia saying they disagree and think it 's shocking " . 
 = = = Chief deputy clerk : 1991 – 2015 = = = 
 = = Vital statistics = = 
 The " Three Plays for Puritans " — comprising The Devil 's Disciple ( 1896 ) , Caesar and Cleopatra ( 1898 ) and Captain Brassbound 's Conversion ( 1899 ) — all centre on questions of empire and imperialism , a major topic of political discourse in the 1890s . The three are set , respectively , in 1770s America , Ancient Egypt , and 1890s Morocco . The Gadfly , an adaptation of a popular novel by Ethel Voynich , was unfinished and unperformed . The Man of Destiny ( 1895 ) is a short curtain raiser about Napoleon . 
 Longstreet 's actions in the final two major Confederate defensive battles of 1862 would be the proving grounds for his development of dominant defensive tactics . In the Maryland Campaign of September , at the Battle of Antietam , Longstreet held his part of the Confederate defensive line against Union forces twice as numerous . After the delaying action Longstreet 's corps fought at South Mountain , he retired to Sharpsburg to join Stonewall Jackson , and prepared to fight a defensive battle . Using terrain to his advantage , Longstreet validated his idea that the tactical defense was now vastly superior to the exposed offense . While the offense dominated in the time of Napoleon , the technological advancements had overturned this . Lt. Col. Harold M. Knudsen claims that Longstreet was one of the few Civil War officers truly aware of this . At the end of that bloodiest day of the Civil War , Lee greeted his subordinate by saying , " Ah ! Here is Longstreet ; here 's my old war @-@ horse ! " On October 9 , a few weeks after Antietam , Longstreet was promoted to lieutenant general . Lee arranged for Longstreet 's promotion to be dated one day earlier than Jackson 's , making the Old War @-@ Horse the senior lieutenant general in the entire Confederate Army . In an army reorganization in November , Longstreet 's command , now designated the First Corps , consisted of five divisions , approximately 41 @,@ 000 men . 
 His plan or wishes announced , it became useless and improper to offer suggestions leading to a different course . All that I could ask was that the policy of the campaign should be one of defensive tactics ; that we should work so as to force the enemy to attack us , in such good position as we might find in our own country , so well adapted to that purpose — which might assure us of a grand triumph . To this he readily assented as an important and material adjunct to his general plan . 
 = = Growth in UK = = 
 = = Production = = 
 Luke Bonanno of Ultimate Disney listed " Reaction " as one of his top five favorite episodes of the first season , while commenting that " the uniform excellence of the lot [ makes ] this a challenging task . " Writing for DVD Talk , reviewer Justin Felix opined that the episode was " particularly action @-@ packed . " Rob M. Worley of Mania described Dr. Octopus ' introduction as " explosive , " while praising MacNicol for balancing such a heavy workload between both the episode and other series . 
 Elsewhere , changes in post @-@ war politics impacted considerably on the memorials. in Belgium , the Flemish IJzertoren tower had become associated with Fascism during the Second World War and was blown up in 1946 by anti @-@ Flemish activists , leading to outrage . Proposals were put forward to build a national monument on the site , but ultimately a second Flemish memorial was constructed instead . In Romania , the Communist post @-@ war government moved away from commemorations around Ascension Day , which was seen as carrying too many religious meanings . The Romanian Societata itself was abolished in 1948 , pilgrimages to the memorials ceased and the focus of the Communist government was almost entirely placed on commemorating the sacrifices of the Soviet army during World War II . Unusually , political changes in Canada led to the construction of new World War I memorials ; some of the inter @-@ war tensions eased , and 35 new memorials were added in Quebec to the existing 68 in the post @-@ war years , often built as combined memorials to later conflicts . 
 Argon is sometimes used as the propellant in aerosol cans for such products as varnish , polyurethane , and paint , and to displace air when preparing a container for storage after opening . 
 In Pezuelas Lebrón began her education in a small community school . Early in her life , Lebrón contracted pneumonia when she accidentally fell into a gutter that was full of water , as a consequence she grew with a frail body and was unable to keep up with the constant activities of her brothers without feeling fatigue . She developed an introverted and contemplative personality , often spending her time admiring nature around the hacienda . 
 Alexander Kriss of Kill Screen found the game 's historical information to be " both genuinely educational but also tantalizing in their brevity " , noting their reinforcement of the story 's themes . IGN 's Rad commended the game 's ability to deliver enriching information " without bombarding " players . Gameplanet 's Todd deemed the setting of Iran " convincing and real " , praising its complexity and detail , although found the density of the history somewhat overwhelming . Eurogamer 's Matulef felt that the information may provide too much backstory for the characters and events , but attributed this to personal preferences . 
 An audition process was held for Seven of Nine ( Seven ) , a new character in the fourth season . Jeri Ryan attended for readings , and was cast in the role . She previously appeared in the science fiction television series Dark Skies on NBC , and found the change of characters amusing . " I was fighting the collective , the Hive on ' Dark Skies ' . Now I 'm part of the collective , the Borg " , she remarked . Ryan described Seven as " a dark character , stronger and more forceful than many female characters have been on Star Trek so far . " The initial fan reaction to Seven was mixed . Some fans accused the show of adding her to attract more 18 – 35 male audience members , which co @-@ executive producer Brannon Braga denied . 
 = = = Exterior = = = 
 1 – 15 Kuching – Serian Highway 
 Nagle died at her home , Little Mayfield in West Chiltington , Sussex , at the age of 94 . 
 After failing to gain support from the United States , China reduced the demanded indemnity from thirty million to six million . However , it continued to demand an official apology , a guarantee of the safety of Chinese citizens in Mexico , and the punishment of the soldiers responsible for the massacre . 
 In May 2007 Tussauds was purchased by Merlin Entertainments who continue to operate the castle on a lease , having sold the freehold to Nick Leslau 's Prestbury Group on 17 July 2007 . 
 = = = Civil War = = = 
 = = Track listing = = 
 On 17 February 1644 , Jirgalang , who was a capable military leader but looked uninterested in managing state affairs , willingly yielded control of all official matters to Dorgon . After an alleged plot by Hooge to undermine the regency was exposed on 6 May of that year , Hooge was stripped of his title of Imperial Prince and his co @-@ conspirators were executed . Dorgon soon replaced Hooge 's supporters ( mostly from the Yellow Banners ) with his own , thus gaining closer control of two more Banners . By early June 1644 , he was in firm control of the Qing government and its military . 
 In recent years , new research has suggested that the Lascaux cave paintings in France may incorporate prehistoric star charts . Michael Rappenglueck of the University of Munich argues that some of the non @-@ figurative dot clusters and dots within some of the figurative images correlate with the constellations of Taurus , the Pleiades and the grouping known as the " Summer Triangle " . Based on her own study of the astronomical significance of Bronze Age petroglyphs in the Vallée des Merveilles and her extensive survey of other prehistoric cave painting sites in the region — most of which appear to have been selected because the interiors are illuminated by the setting sun on the day of the winter solstice — French researcher Chantal Jègues @-@ Wolkiewiez has further proposed that the gallery of figurative images in the Great Hall represents an extensive star map and that key points on major figures in the group correspond to stars in the main constellations as they appeared in the Paleolithic . Appliying phylogenetics to myths of the Cosmic Hunt , Julien d 'Huy suggested that the palaeolithic version of this story could be the following : there is an animal that is a horned herbivore , especially an elk . One human pursues this ungulate . The hunt locates or get to the sky . The animal is alive when it is transformed into a constellation . It forms the Big Dipper . This story may be represented in the famous Lascaux shaft ‘ scene ’ 
 Edward I returned to Scotland once again in 1300 , and this time took his son with him , making him the commander of the rearguard at the siege of Caerlaverock . In the spring of 1301 , the King declared Edward the Prince of Wales , granting him the earldom of Chester and lands across North Wales ; he seems to have hoped that this would help pacify the region , and that it would give his son some financial independence . Edward received homage from his Welsh subjects and then joined his father for the 1301 Scottish campaign ; he took an army of around 300 soldiers north with him and captured Turnberry Castle . Prince Edward also took part in the 1303 campaign during which he besieged Brechin Castle , deploying his own siege engine in the operation . In the spring of 1304 , Edward conducted negotiations with the rebel Scottish leaders on the King 's behalf and , when these failed , he joined his father for the siege of Stirling Castle . 
 = = Structure = = 
 In an effort to improve its image , between 2007 and 2014 , the company aggressively purchased new coaches and refurbishing existing ones . As of 2016 , the majority of Greyhound 's fleet has the navy blue and grey " neoclassic " livery on the exterior , wireless internet access , leather seating , and 120 @-@ volt power outlets at most seats . Greyhound 's coaches have one fewer row of seats than the industry standard , giving passengers additional legroom . All buses purchased since 2009 have three @-@ point seat belts installed . 
 The gameplay is centered on the perpetually repeating three @-@ day cycle and the use of various masks , some of which allow Link to transform into different beings . Link learns to play several melodies on his ocarina , which have a variety of effects like controlling the flow of time or opening passages to four temples , which house challenges Link must overcome . Unlike Ocarina of Time , Majora 's Mask requires the Expansion Pak , which provides additional memory for enhanced graphics and more on @-@ screen characters . Majora 's Mask was acclaimed by critics , who praised the graphics and complex story . 
 Allocators should be copy @-@ constructible . An allocator for objects of type T can be constructed from an allocator for objects of type U. If an allocator , A , allocates a region of memory , R , then R can only be deallocated by an allocator that compares equal to A. 
 Until the shooting , Jamal had worked for Moshe Tamam , an Israeli contractor , for 20 years , since he was 14 . Writer Helen Schary Motro came to know Jamal when she employed him to help build her house in Tel Aviv . She described his years of rising at 3 : 30 am to catch the bus to the border crossing at four , then a second bus out of Gaza so he could be at work by six . Tamam called him a " terrific man , " someone he trusted to work alone in his customers ' homes . 
 = = Interior = = 
 1978 Baronet Books , ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 89437 @-@ 045 @-@ 8 ( hardcover ) , ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 89437 @-@ 035 @-@ 9 ( trade paperback ) 
 = = Society and culture = = 
 = = Geography = = 
 Along with Harshavardhan Neotia , Sanjiv Goenka , Utsav Parekh , and Spanish La Liga side Atlético de Madrid , Ganguly is also the co @-@ owner of Atlético de Kolkata , a franchise of the Indian Super League , which won the inaugural season in 2014 . 
 Over 400 Cannons players also played in the Major Leagues . Of them , the following players played at least parts of ten or more seasons at the Major League level or remain active as of the 2011 season . Eleven former Cannons remain active in the Majors . 
 = = = Air group = = = 
 The ferry , and subsequently the bridge , is located at the narrowest section of Skarnsundet , between the villages of Kjerringvik and Vangshylla . In addition to Mosvik , the bridge also caters for the larger municipality Leksvik , further out along the fjord . The bridge is the only one to cross the Trondheimsfjord . 
 Charles Hornig was the editor of all 12 issues of the first incarnation of Science Fiction , and of the first five issues of Future Fiction . Robert W. Lowndes was the editor of all subsequent issues of both titles . Both Future and Science Fiction began as pulp magazines ; the 1953 experimental issue of Science Fiction Stories saw a change to digest format for that title , and Future followed suit in late 1955 with issue 28 . Both titles were initially priced at 15 cents . Future raised its price to 20 cents for the July 1943 issue , the last of its first run , but dropped to 15 cents again when it was relaunched in 1950 . With the November 1950 issue the price went back to 20 cents , and it rose to 25 cents with the January 1953 issue and 35 cents in June 1954 . When Science Fiction Stories reappeared in 1953 , it was priced at 35 cents , and stayed at that price throughout the remainder of its run . 
 At the time of peak intensity , the cyclone displayed a well @-@ defined eye and excellent outflow . Although a powerful storm , it quickly weakened as conditions became hostile for tropical cyclone development . Strong wind shear tore convection away from the cyclone and caused it to become disorganized . Within 48 hours , the system had degraded to a tropical storm and was situated roughly 555 km ( 345 mi ) west @-@ southwest of Mumbai . The weakening trend lessened shortly thereafter but still continued . Operationally , the JTWC issued their final advisory on the cyclone on May 28 as it weakened to a tropical depression over open waters . The once powerful cyclone , now devoid of all convection , tracked towards the northwestern coast of India . During the afternoon of May 29 , the cyclone rapidly regenerated as it made landfall in Gujarat . The JTWC estimated that it crossed the coastline with winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) . Not long after moving overland , the system rapidly weakened and dissipated over India within several hours . 
 = = = Pismachi ' = = = 
 Where the breeze warbles , and the mute still air 
 = = Live performances = = 
 = = = Entrepreneurs = = = 
 Nevertheless , Matsui 's instructions said nothing about treatment of Chinese POWs . Matsui would inadvertently contribute to the atrocity in a major way when he demanded on December 14 that his triumphal entrance into Nanking be scheduled for the early date of December 17 . At the time his subordinates in Nanking objected because they were still in the process of scrambling to apprehend all the former Chinese soldiers hiding in the city and had no facilities in which to hold them . Regardless , Matsui held firm , and in many cases his men responded to the conundrum by ordering that all their prisoners be executed immediately after capture . Most of the large @-@ scale massacres that took place within Nanking occurred in the days immediately prior to Matsui 's entrance into the city . 
 = = Critical response = = 
 In November 2010 , Benjamin competed for American Wrestling Rampage . He made his debut on November 10 with Haas facing La Résistance . During his tour with AWR he defeated Shawn Daivari in a steel cage match . He also had tag team matches with Haas taking on Booker T and Scott Steiner . On March 8 , 2011 , Benjamin wrestled in a dark match prior to the SmackDown tapings in Houston , Texas , defeating Curt Hawkins . On March 9 , 2011 , Benjamin won the MWF Heavyweight Championship and lost it on June 4 . 
 Pull back clothesline 
 Later that year , after continued unrest in Crete , which included the murder of the British vice @-@ consul , Prince George of Greece was made the Governor @-@ General of Crete under the suzerainty of the Sultan , after the proposal was put forward by the Great Powers . Greece was effectively in day @-@ to @-@ day control of Crete for the first time in modern history . 
 Giesser , Christian ( Director ) ( 2010 ) . Jochen Rindt lebt [ Jochen Rindt Lives ] ( Documentary ) ( in German ) . Cinecraft . 
 As a player , Roberts helped train his peers during off @-@ seasons . He was a member of the Dallas Stars ' staff as the team 's player development consultant during the 2010 – 11 NHL season . One of Roberts ' early disciples , Tampa 's Steven Stamkos , developed into a 50 goal player in his first season after training with Roberts and led to numerous players seeking to train with him . His growing reputation as a personal trainer led to the creation of the Gary Roberts High Performance Centre and Fitness Institute in North York , Ontario where he trains junior and professional players , including several in the NHL . 
 Tricouni Southeast , another volcanic sequence south of Tricouni Peak , consists of at least four andesite or dacite lava flows that outcrop as several small cliffs and bluffs on extensively vegetated flanks . They reach thicknesses of 100 m ( 330 ft ) and contain small amounts of hyaloclastite . The feeder of their origins has not been discovered but is likely located at the summit of the mound . These lavas form ice @-@ marginal edifies , suggesting that every lava flow was erupted about 10 @,@ 000 years ago when the vast Cordilleran Ice Sheet was retreating and remains of glacial ice was sparse . 
 The semifinals of the Deuces Wild Tag Team Tournament followed , beginning with Team 3D pitted against Cage and Rhino in the sixth encounter . The bout lasted ten minutes . Before the contest , the TNA commentators announced that Booker T 's attack on Cage and Rhino had caused them to have concussions in the storyline . During the contest , Team 3D associate Johnny Devine came to the ring and handed Ray a kendo stick without the referee 's knowledge . Although Rhino tackled Devon and went for the cover , Devine entered the ring to distract the referee , allowing Ray to hit Rhino with the kendo stick and cover to win the contest for his team . 
 A major variant of football is arena football , played by the Arena Football League ( AFL ) . Arena football has eight @-@ player teams and uses an indoor field 50 yards ( 46 m ) in length , excluding end zones , and 28 @.@ 3 yards ( 25 @.@ 9 m ) wide . Punting is illegal , and kickoffs are attempted from the goal line . Large overhead nets deflect forward passes and kicks that hit them , and deflected kicks are live balls that may be recovered by either team . 
 = Second Test , 1948 Ashes series = 
 The most important economic activity in Ontario is manufacturing , and the Toronto – Hamilton region is the most highly industrialized section of the country . The area from Oshawa , Ontario around the west end of Lake Ontario to Niagara Falls , with Hamilton at its centre , is known as the Golden Horseshoe and had a population of approximately 8 @.@ 1 million people in 2006 . The phrase was first used by Westinghouse President Herbert H. Rogge in a speech to the Hamilton Chamber of Commerce , on January 12 , 1954 . " Hamilton in 50 years will be the forward cleat in a golden horseshoe of industrial development from Oshawa to the Niagara River ... 150 miles long and 50 miles ( 80 km ) wide ... It will run from Niagara Falls on the south to about Oshawa on the north and take in numerous cities and towns already there , including Hamilton and Toronto . " 
 In July 2014 the International Astronomical Union launched a process for giving proper names to certain exoplanets and their host stars . The process involved public nomination and voting for the new names . In December 2015 , the IAU announced the winning names were Copernicus for 55 Cancri A and Galileo , Brahe , Lipperhey , Janssen and Harriot for its planets ( b , c , d , e and f , respectively ) . 
 Rick Kogan , television critic with the Chicago Tribune , called the show " wholly original " and an example of how good television entertainment can be . He praised the ensemble cast and interesting characters , and said the show would be renewed " if there 's any justice in TV " . Ray Richmond of the Los Angeles Daily News praised NBC for giving Homicide a second chance , comparing it to the days when NBC stuck with the comedy series Cheers even though it ranked last in the ratings during its first season . Richmond said of Homicide : " This is also one of the final opportunities to see a television network stick with a struggling show for no better reason than it deserves to be stuck with . In the bottom line @-@ driven 1990s , that 's become as rare as quality itself . " Steven Cole Smith with the Fort Worth Star @-@ Telegram said of the evaluation period during Homicide 's second season : " If you don 't watch it , you may lose your right to complain that there 's never anything good on TV . " He called it " a gritty , atmospheric police series " and complimented it for showing not only gratuitous violence but the consequences of it . 
 However ( like Kerr before him in the First World War ) , Cott did not succeed in influencing policy on camouflage , and he resigned from the Camouflage Advisory Panel in 1940 . 
 Fischer , Kurt von and F. Alberto Gallo , editors . Italian Sacred and Ceremonial Music , Polyphonic Music of the Fourteenth Century 12 ( Monaco : Éditions de l 'Oiseau @-@ Lyre , 1976 ) , p . 21 ( untroped Gloria ) . 
 Christopher Scotese and his colleagues have mapped out the predicted motions several hundred million years into the future as part of the Paleomap Project . In their scenario , 50 million years from now the Mediterranean sea may vanish and the collision between Europe and Africa will create a long mountain range extending to the current location of the Persian Gulf . Australia will merge with Indonesia , and Baja California will slide northward along the coast . New subduction zones may appear off the eastern coast of North and South America , and mountain chains will form along those coastlines . To the south , the migration of Antarctica to the north will cause all of its ice sheets to melt . This , along with the melting of the Greenland ice sheets , will raise the average ocean level by 90 m ( 300 ft ) . The inland flooding of the continents will result in climate changes . 
 " The Day You Come " – 4 : 36 
 In addition to the three larger groups of substances mentioned above , fatty acid derivates , amino acids and even peptides are also used as defense . The cholinergic toxine , cicutoxin of water hemlock , is a polyyne derived from the fatty acid metabolism. β @-@ N @-@ Oxalyl @-@ L @-@ α , β @-@ diaminopropionic acid as simple amino acid is used by the sweet pea which leads also to intoxication in humans . The synthesis of fluoroacetate in several plants is an example of the use of small molecules to disrupt the metabolism of herbivores , in this case the citric acid cycle . 
 The Hungarians departed in the middle of October and reached the realm of Moldavia at the beginning of November , using a passage near Bacău . On 19 November , the Hungarians arrived at the Trotuș River where they met some Moldavian resistance , but Corvinus , to ensure the " loyalty of his troops , avoids a pitched battle and limits his efforts to surprise attacks and ambushes , yet is himself prevented from foraging or doing further damage . " 
 Kharaj Mukherjee as Inspector Chatterjee , a friendly inspector at the Kalighat Police Station . 
 The Kate Kane version of Batwoman appears in DC Universe Online video game , voiced by Christina J. Moore . 
 = = Vertebrate anatomy = = 
 Gordon Moran reviewed the book for the Journal of Information Ethics , writing , " In this book , Prof. Curtis ... provides a thorough account of the evolution of free speech , in theory and practice , from pre @-@ Revolutionary times through the Civil War and the Fourteenth Amendment ( 1868 ) . As a history book , it is worthy of being in the library of every high school , college , and university that teaches American history , and would also be very useful and instructive as a textbook for university courses in American studies and advanced courses in American history . " In a review for The Journal of Southern History , William Pannill wrote , " This is more a work of history than of law . Although the author summarizes the reasoning of legislatures and courts that overrode the First Amendment , he does not analyze the unfolding of constitutional doctrines . " Pannill concluded , " At 437 pages of text , the book is too long . The writing suffers from repetition . For example , the author reminds us again and again that the southern states feared that debates over slavery would lead to slave revolts @-@ one time was sufficient to make the point . The chapters also jump around in time and subject . Pruning and redrafting would have improved the book for a wider audience . The story certainly deserves one . " 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 = = Business ventures = = 
 In April 2006 , Infinity Ward released the Call of Duty 2 Radiant , which allows a player to create their own multiplayer or single @-@ player maps . Along with Radiant , the mapmaker includes Maya plug @-@ in support , an effects editor , and an asset manager which allows custom models to be made and imported into the game , as well as custom effects . 
 The border then takes a sharp turn around the tip of Rabun County , at latitude 35 ° N , though from this point it diverges slightly south ( due to inaccuracies in the original survey ) . This was originally the Georgia and North Carolina border all the way back to the Mississippi River , until Tennessee was divided from North Carolina , and the Yazoo companies induced the legislature of Georgia to pass an act , approved by the governor in 1795 , to sell the greater part of Georgia 's territory presently comprising Alabama and Mississippi . 
 In 1954 , the Oslo City Council decided to build a four @-@ line metro to the new suburbs to the east of the city center . The plans would lead to the system opening in 1966 , after the conversion of the Østensjø and the Lambertseter Line of the Oslo Tramway to metro standard , and supplemented with the new Furuset and Grorud Line . The system would feature higher and longer platforms , allowing step @-@ free access to six @-@ car trains , automatic train protection and third rail power supply . This would make the metro incompatible with the existing tramways . 
 = = Balkan Wars and World War I = = 
 = = Recording and production = = 
 Body lotion - 74 ml / 2 @.@ 5 oz 
 Upon its release , the track garnered generally favorable reviews from music critics . Many critics highlighted as one of the album 's best tracks , and complimented Nao 'ymt 's songwriting and production . Although it was unable to chart on Japan 's Oricon Singles Chart because of their restriction of digital sales , it did achieve success on the Japan Hot 100 chart provided by Billboard , peaking at number eight . It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) for digital sales of 250 @,@ 000 units . An accompanying music video was shot in downtown Los Angeles , California at Pershing square , which featured Amuro walking through the city with children . Amuro has performed the song on her Feel Tour ( 2013 ) , and her 2014 Live Style Tour . 
 = = = Background and development = = = 
 = = = Allegro molto appassionato = = = 
 The colours of the national flag are regulated in the document " GB 12983 @-@ 2004 : Standard Colour Sample of the National Flag , " also released by the Standardization Administration of China . The colours are in the CIE Standard illuminant D65 and the CIE 1964 Supplementary Standard Colourimetric System . 
 The second season was made available in its entirety on February 14 , 2014 ( Valentine 's Day ) at 12 : 01 a.m. PT . Prior to the release of season 1 , three reviewers , Hank Stuever of The Washington Post , Nancy deWolf Smith of The Wall Street Journal , and Alessandra Stanley of The New York Times , commented on possible binge viewing by Netflix customers . Stanley notes that the show " is probably seen best one episode at a time . It 's a delicious immorality play with an excellent cast , but the tempo is slow and oddly ponderous — a romp slowed down to a dirge " . Smith also notes that due to its " relentless theme " , " House of Cards might go down better in smaller portions and thus be enjoyably prolonged " , deriding potential binge watchers as people who liken a delicacy to a " bag of M & M 's " . However , Stuever disagreed about season 1 saying " So , on the iffy chance that House of Cards draws you in and you simply cannot stop watching , then , yes , you may power @-@ binge your way through all 13 hours at once " . Upon viewing the four episode season 2 preview Time 's James Poniewozik says " I could easily see powering through the season in a free weekend , precisely because no individual episode needs much time to sink in " . Stanley also felt the second season was " binge @-@ worthy " upon viewing the preview . However , Ellen Gray of Philly.com supports not binge @-@ watching the season , as she believes it does not serve it well . 
 Brodie 's research was enlarged by other students of Mormonism , most notably Dale L. Morgan ( 1914 – 1971 ) , who became a lifelong friend , mentor , and sounding board . Brodie completed her biography of Joseph Smith in 1944 , and it was published the following year by Alfred A. Knopf when she was thirty years old . 
 Deerfield was evacuated in September 1675 after a coordinated series of attacks culminating in the Battle of Bloody Brook resulted in the death of about half the village 's adult males . The abandoned village , one of several in the Connecticut River valley abandoned by the English , was briefly reoccupied by the warring Indians . The colonists regrouped , and in 1676 a force of mostly local colonists slaughtered an Indian camp at a site then called Peskeompscut . It is now called Turner 's Falls after William Turner , the English leader who was slain in the action . 
 CAP performs several missions that are not combat @-@ related in support of the United States Air Force , including damage assessment , transportation of officials , communications support and low @-@ altitude route surveys . The CAP fleet is used in training exercises to prepare USAF pilots to intercept enemy aircraft over the Continental United States . Civil Air Patrol aircraft are flown into restricted airspace , where United States Air Force pilots may practice high @-@ speed intercepts . 
 Mitchell : 15 % 
 Like other thyreophorans , Scelidosaurus was herbivorous . However , while some later ornithischian groups possessed teeth capable of grinding plant material , Scelidosaurus had smaller , less complex leaf @-@ shaped teeth suitable for cropping vegetation and jaws capable of only vertical movement , due to a short jaw joint . Paul Barrett concluded that Scelidosaurus fed with a puncture @-@ crush system of tooth @-@ on @-@ tooth action , with a precise but simple up @-@ and @-@ down jaw movement , in which the food was mashed between the inner side of the upper teeth and the outer side of the lower teeth , without the teeth actually touching each other as shown by very long vertical wear facets on the lower teeth alone . In this aspect , it resembled the stegosaurids , which also bore primitive teeth and simple jaws . Its diet would have consisted of ferns or conifers , as grasses did not evolve until late into the Cretaceous Period , after Scelidosaurus was long extinct . 
 The Football Association Premier League Ltd ( FAPL ) is operated as a corporation and is owned by the 20 member clubs . Each club is a shareholder , with one vote each on issues such as rule changes and contracts . The clubs elect a chairman , chief executive , and board of directors to oversee the daily operations of the league . The current chairman is Sir Dave Richards , who was appointed in April 1999 , and the chief executive is Richard Scudamore , appointed in November 1999 . The former chairman and chief executive , John Quinton and Peter Leaver , were forced to resign in March 1999 after awarding consultancy contracts to former Sky executives Sam Chisholm and David Chance . The Football Association is not directly involved in the day @-@ to @-@ day operations of the Premier League , but has veto power as a special shareholder during the election of the chairman and chief executive and when new rules are adopted by the league . 
 Due to promotion and relegation , only six of the founder members of the Premier League have never been relegated from it , while another six founders have never returned after being relegated once . Out of the 25 clubs who have gained promotion to the league since it was created , only three have remained without a subsequent relegation , while seven have been relegated after just one spell . The remaining fifteen clubs have spent multiple spells in the league , up to five in the case of founder member Crystal Palace . 
 _ _ _ _ _ ( 1959 ) . " A Developmental Theory of Persusibility " . 
 In 2011 , only 3 @.@ 8 % of Windy Nook 's population were non white British , compared with 2 @.@ 9 % for the ward of Windy Nook and Whitehills and 8 @.@ 0 % for the town of Gateshead . The amount of Ethnic Minorities resident in Windy Nook is low compared with other Gateshead districts like Felling , Deckham and Saltwell . 
 Just Dance is a dance video game developed by Ubisoft Milan and Ubisoft Paris and published by Ubisoft . The game was released exclusively for Wii on 17 November 2009 in North America , 26 November 2009 in Australia , and 27 November 2009 in Europe . Expanding upon a concept introduced in a minigame for Rayman Raving Rabbids : TV Party , players mimic the motions of an on @-@ screen dancer 's choreography for a selected song , using the Wii Remote to judge the player 's motions and accuracy . 
 Soon after the election results were announced , Jones was quoted in a newspaper as saying that he had talked with Wilkinson about opening channels with the media , whom Wilkinson often refused to speak with . Jones also said that he did not agree with all of Wilkinson 's political positions and would not be his " yes man " . These comments angered Wilkinson , who backtracked on his promise to give Jones an active role in the administration . Relations between Jones and Wilkinson further deteriorated as both men tried to recoup the money spent during their campaigns . 
 = = Later life = = 
 = = Mainstream acceptance ( 1917 – 1923 ) = = 
 = = Background = = 
 Dembski defines complex specified information ( CSI ) as anything with a less than 1 in 10150 chance of occurring by ( natural ) chance . Critics say that this renders the argument a tautology : complex specified information cannot occur naturally because Dembski has defined it thus , so the real question becomes whether or not CSI actually exists in nature . 
 Moreover , ID 's backers have sought to avoid the scientific scrutiny which we have now determined that it cannot withstand by advocating that the controversy , but not ID itself , should be taught in science class . This tactic is at best disingenuous , and at worst a canard . The goal of the IDM is not to encourage critical thought , but to foment a revolution which would supplant evolutionary theory with ID . 
 Billy Talent II Tour ( 2006 – 2008 ) 
 Ganesh – Sati 's first child , who was declared dead by her father Daksha , as he was born with physical deformities . Ganesh was raised later by Kali , and they created the formidable Naga army . Ganesh becomes an ardent follower of Shiva and Sati , and later comes to be renowned as a God . 
 MacInnis announced his retirement as a player on September 9 , 2005 , but remained with the Blues organization as part of its marketing and hockey operations departments . Ending his career with 1 @,@ 274 points , MacInnis ranked third all @-@ time in goals , assists and points amongst defencemen , and played in six additional All @-@ Star Games as a member of the Blues . The team retired his jersey number 2 on April 9 , 2006 , and honoured him with a bronze statue out front of the Scottrade Center in 2009 . MacInnis was inducted to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2007 . He was the first player from Nova Scotia so honoured , and was also inducted into the Nova Scotia Sport Hall of Fame and the St. Louis Sports Hall of Fame . 
 On November 18 that year , Rudy Kay also won the IW North American Heavyweight Championship by defeating Bob Brown . He was stripped of the title , however , because the ESA operated only during the summer months and the season ended without notice . He was unable to fulfill his obligation to defend it within 30 days.The ESA , which promoted shows until 1976 , operated during the summer because the venues were used for ice hockey during the other months . The following year , he won the vacant ESA Taped Fist Championship with a victory over Mad Dog Martel . When the ESA closed in 1977 , the title became part of Romeo Cormier ( Bobby Kay ) ' s Trans @-@ Canada Wrestling ( TCW ) . TCW closed later the same year , and the Taped Fist Championship was retired . His final championship win came in September 1976 ; he teamed with The Beast again and defeated The Mercenaries ( Mad Dog Martel and Frenchy Martin ) to win the ESA Maritimes Tag Team Championship . Later that month , Martel and Martin regained the title in a rematch . Cormier retired as a professional wrestler in 1982 . 
 <formula> 
 Liu Y , Ford B , Mann M , Fischbach G , ( 2005 ) . " Neuregulin @-@ 1 increases the proliferation of neuronal progenitors from embryonic neural stem cells " . Developmental Biology . 283 ( 2 ) : 437 – 445 . 
 = = Background = = 
 = George Meyer = 
 Cleveland brought his opposition to needless spending to the governor 's office ; he promptly sent the legislature eight vetos in his first two months in office . The first to attract attention was his veto of a bill to reduce the fares on New York City elevated trains to five cents . The bill had broad support because the trains ' owner , Jay Gould , was unpopular , and his fare increases were widely denounced . Cleveland , however , saw the bill as unjust — Gould had taken over the railroads when they were failing and had made the system solvent again . Moreover , Cleveland believed that altering Gould 's franchise would violate the Contract Clause of the federal Constitution . Despite the initial popularity of the fare @-@ reduction bill , the newspapers praised Cleveland 's veto . Theodore Roosevelt , then a member of the Assembly , had reluctantly voted for the bill to which Cleveland objected , in a desire to punish the unscrupulous railroad barons . After the veto , Roosevelt reversed himself , as did many legislators , and the veto was sustained . 
 An endless ring @-@ shaped band usually has two distinct surfaces , one inside and one outside . Yet on this strip nine red ants crawl after each other and travel the front side as well as the reverse side . Therefore the strip has only one surface . 
 After a period working as a clerk , Kippax opened a sports store in Martin Place , Sydney during 1926 . It became a very profitable business . Two years later , on 20 April 1928 at St Stephen 's Presbyterian Church , he married Mabel Charlotte Catts . The New South Wales Cricket Association elected him a life member in 1943 – 44 . In February 1949 , Kippax was awarded a joint testimonial with his old teammate , wicketkeeper Bert Oldfield . Played between Lindsay Hassett ’ s XI and Arthur Morris ’ s XI at the SCG , the match raised ₤ 6 @,@ 030 , which was split evenly between Kippax and Oldfield . In later years , Kippax was an A @-@ grade golfer at The Lakes course in Sydney and a club champion lawn bowler at Double Bay . 
 = = Divorce = = 
 The game 's difficulty picks up from near the end of the original and progressively increases . The Lost Levels introduces obstacles including poison mushrooms , level warps that set the player farther back in the game , and wind gusts that redirect the player 's course mid @-@ air . Some of the game 's levels require " split @-@ second " precision . There were also some graphical changes , though the soundtrack is identical . After each boss fight , Toad tells Mario that " our princess is in another castle ! " The main game has 32 levels across eight worlds and five bonus worlds . A hidden World 9 is accessible if the player does not use a warp zone . Bonus worlds A through D are accessible when the player plays through the game eight times , for a total of 52 levels . 
 The Life premiered online as a 90 @-@ second cut on September 4 , 2009 , on both the social networking website MySpace and news and review website IGN . This was followed by its first appearance on U.S. national television as a 150 @-@ second spot three days later , during a commercial break in Spike 's airing of the World War II miniseries Band of Brothers . Additional 90 @-@ second spaces were purchased on a variety of television networks , including Adult Swim , Comedy Central , ESPN , FX , G4 , History , and Spike . The Life was made available for download through Xbox Live on September 8 , and continued to air on television through the release of Halo 3 : ODST on September 22 , 2009 and into the Christmas period . The launch was accompanied by print advertisements and a new interactive website featuring a making @-@ of documentary for The Life , interviews with the director and other crew members , and an unaired scene cut from the ending of the commercial , as well as interactive elements exploring features of the game itself , such as an " evaluation " application offering profiles on several of the game 's characters . 
 = = Reception = = 
 " Material Girl " is a song by American singer Madonna from her second studio album Like a Virgin ( 1984 ) . It was released on November 30 , 1984 by Sire Records as the second single from the album . It also appears slightly remixed on the 1990 greatest hits compilation , The Immaculate Collection , and in its original form on the 2009 greatest hits compilation , Celebration . The song was written by Peter Brown and Robert Rans , while Nile Rodgers produced the track . Madonna explained that the concept of the song was indicative of her life at that time . She felt that " Material Girl " was provocative in its content and was attracted to it . 
 " Material Girl " consists of synth arrangements with a robotic voice repeating the hook . The lyrics identify with materialism , with Madonna asking for a rich and affluent life , rather than romance and relationships . Contemporary critics have frequently identified " Material Girl " along with " Like a Virgin " as the songs that established Madonna as an icon . " Material Girl " was a commercial success , reaching the top @-@ five in Australia , Belgium , Canada , Ireland , Japan and United Kingdom . It reached the number two position on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States , becoming her third top @-@ five single there . 
 In the study of natural selection , the population of Soay sheep that remain on the island of Hirta have been used to explore the relation of body size and coloration to reproductive success . Soay sheep come in several colors , and researchers investigated why the larger , darker sheep were in decline ; this occurrence contradicted the rule of thumb that larger members of a population tend to be more successful reproductively . The feral Soays on Hirta are especially useful subjects because they are isolated . 
 Sociologist John Theobald noted that by the 1980s , the book 's plot had become " socially and politically acceptable " in the western world as part of the Reaganite intensification of the Cold War and increased hostility towards Marxism and socialism . This cultural climate allowed it to appear " on hypermarket shelves as suitable children 's literature for the new millennium " . That same theme prevented its publication in Communist Party @-@ governed China , where it was the only completed adventure not translated by Wang Bingdong and officially published in the early 21st century . 
 The Baronial style peaked towards the end of the nineteenth century , and the building of large houses declined in importance in the twentieth century . It continued to influence the construction of some estate houses , including Skibo Castle , which was rebuilt for industrialist Andrew Carnegie ( 1899 – 1903 ) by Ross and Macbeth . There was a lull in building after the First World War , and social change undermined the construction of rural country houses . Isolated examples of " castles " include houses that combine modern and traditional elements , such as Basil Spence 's Broughton Place ( 1936 ) and Glenskirlie Castle , Stirlingshire ( 2007 ) . 
 = = = Seizure = = = 
 = Phallus ravenelii = 
 The " Director 's Cut " restored roughly four minutes of deleted footage while cutting about five minutes of other material , leaving it about a minute shorter than the theatrical cut . Many of the changes were minor , such as altered sound effects , while the restored footage included the scene in which Ripley discovers the cocooned Dallas and Brett during her escape of the Nostromo . Fox decided to release the Director 's Cut in theaters , and it premiered on October 31 , 2003 . The Alien Quadrilogy box set was released December 2 , 2003 , with both versions of the film included along with a new commentary track featuring many of the film 's actors , writers , and production staff , as well as other special features and a documentary entitled The Beast Within : The Making of Alien . Each film was also released separately as a DVD with both versions of the film included . Scott noted that he was very pleased with the original theatrical cut of Alien , saying that " For all intents and purposes , I felt that the original cut of Alien was perfect . I still feel that way " , and that the original 1979 theatrical version " remains my version of choice " . He has since stated that he considers both versions " director 's cuts " , as he feels that the 1979 version was the best he could possibly have made it at the time . 
 = = Operations = = 
 On 5 March Major General James Cassels took over command of the division . The next action involving the division was over the night of 2 / 3 April , when units of the Irgun attacked railway installations in the divisional area . While one attack on the Yibna railway station and police post was in progress , a mobile patrol from the 9th Parachute Battalion arrived , detonating a mine while crossing a bridge . Three of the patrol were wounded , but the others took off after the saboteurs . Reinforcements arrived from the 5th and 6th Parachute Battalions . In the morning , tracks of around thirty men were discovered leading away from the area . A spotter plane later located the men and directed a section of the 8th Parachute Battalion to intercept them . After a small battle , fourteen of the saboteurs were wounded and twenty @-@ six prisoners taken . 
 Since the end of the Second World War , the campaign in the British Mandate of Palestine had cost the British 338 dead . The numbers for the 6th Airborne Division between October 1945 and April 1948 were fifty @-@ eight men dead and 236 wounded due to enemy action , a further ninety @-@ nine men died , from causes not associated with a hostile act . During their searches of Jewish and Arab settlements , men from the division had located 99 mortars , 34 machine guns , 174 sub machine guns , 375 rifles , 391 pistols , 97 land mines , 2 @,@ 582 hand grenades and 302 @,@ 530 rounds of ammunition . 
 The ballpark for the New York team was constructed between 165th and 168th Streets , on Broadway in Manhattan . Formally known as American League Park , it was nicknamed Hilltop Park because of its relatively high elevation . The team did not have an official nickname ; it was often called the New York Americans in reference to the AL . Another common nickname for the club was the Highlanders , a play on the last name of the team 's president , Joe Gordon , and the British military unit , the Gordon Highlanders . The team acquired players such as outfielder Willie Keeler and pitcher Jack Chesbro . The player @-@ manager was Clark Griffith , obtained from the Chicago White Sox . On April 22 , 1903 , the Highlanders began their season with a 3 – 1 loss to the Washington Senators ; eight days later , they won their first game in Hilltop Park , defeating the Senators 6 – 2 . New York fell out of contention for the AL pennant in May , falling to seventh place after playing games away from Hilltop Park for a 24 @-@ day period while construction on the stadium concluded . With a final record of 72 – 62 after wins in 19 of 29 games played in September , New York finished in fourth . 
 = Diamondback ( roller coaster ) = 
 Barbary sheep , A. lervia 
 Taiwan serow , C. swinhoei 
 Kob , K. kob 
 According to Registro Oficial No. 1272 , a decree signed into law on 5 December 1900 , there are two official designs of the national flag . Article Two established the national banner as the tricolor with the yellow stripe doubling the size of the blue and red stripes . Article Three establishes the national flag charged with the coat of arms and is directed to be used by the military , government offices and diplomatic agents outside of Ecuador . While this law establishes the flag with the coat of arms as the state flag , it did not forbid the civilian population from using the flag . The only restriction is stated in Article Six where the merchant marine is restricted to using the flag without the coat of arms . Because of this , this has been construed to be the civil flag as it was practiced in other South American countries , such as Peru , Bolivia and Argentina . Unlike Ecuador , several of these South American countries forbade the civilian population from using the national flag with the coat of arms or , in the case of Argentina until 1985 , the national flag charged with the Sun of May in the middle . Peru and Bolivia still restricts the usage of the state flag to just the government bodies and institutions and reserves the plain flags for national celebrations or as directed by law . However , in practice the flag with the coat of arms is often used in place of the plain flag , especially when it is important to distinguish the latter from the flag of Colombia . In the case when Colombian merchant marine ships are at sea , the Colombian national flag is charged with a red and blue oval with a white star in the center . For city governments , Article 4 in the 1900 decree forbids them from using the national flag with the coat of arms . A special flag was created for the city governments to use ; it is a plain national flag charged with white stars that are placed in a circle pattern . The number of white stars will correspond to the number of provinces in Ecuador . However , this flag is identical to Venezuela 's flag from 1905 until 1930 , and similar to Venezuela 's current flag ( the stars are now in a semi circle pattern ) . 
 In July 2014 ( 2014 @-@ 07 ) , a new route to Tokyo @-@ Haneda from Hanoi was introduced . Vietnam Airlines received its first Airbus A350 @-@ 900 in late June 2015 ( 2015 @-@ 06 ) , becoming the second operator of the type worldwide after Qatar Airways . In August 2015 ( 2015 @-@ 08 ) , the airline 's first Boeing 787 @-@ 9 entered the fleet . 
 The hotel received international attention in 1999 when Imelda Marcos , the former First Lady , celebrated her 70th birthday in this hotel . More than 1 @,@ 000 of Manila 's elite turned up in the event . 
 Enquiries about insect pollination led in 1861 to novel studies of wild orchids , showing adaptation of their flowers to attract specific moths to each species and ensure cross fertilisation . In 1862 Fertilisation of Orchids gave his first detailed demonstration of the power of natural selection to explain complex ecological relationships , making testable predictions . As his health declined , he lay on his sickbed in a room filled with inventive experiments to trace the movements of climbing plants . Admiring visitors included Ernst Haeckel , a zealous proponent of Darwinismus incorporating Lamarckism and Goethe 's idealism . Wallace remained supportive , though he increasingly turned to Spiritualism . 
 When designing Dragon Quest , Horii play @-@ tests the games to make certain the controls feel right . This includes going into meticulous details such as how fast a page opens or the way a door opens . According to Horii , " ... little things like here and there the controls not feeling right and such can really grate the players ' nerves if the tempo isn 't right . " He believes players should be able to control the game unconsciously , which is not easy to accomplish . Horii tries to design the games in such a way that players never need to read a manual nor play through a tutorial in order to figure out how to play the game , and tries to create good storylines with short dialogues . Ryutaro Ichimura , who has worked on Dragon Quest titles with Horii since Dragon Quest VIII , has implemented Horii 's suggestions even when it is not obvious why his ideas will work . " [ A ] lot of the time when he [ Horii ] points these things out , we cannot see them at first , but eventually you get it . " 
 After the Armada the Earl was seen riding in splendour through London " as if he were a king " , and for the past few weeks he had usually dined with the Queen , a unique favour . On his way to Buxton in Derbyshire to take the baths , he died at Cornbury Park near Oxford , on 4 September 1588 . Leicester 's health had not been good for some time , and historians have considered both malaria and stomach cancer as death causes . His death came unexpectedly , and only a week earlier he had said farewell to his Queen . Elizabeth was deeply affected and locked herself in her apartment for a few days until Lord Burghley had the door broken . Her nickname for Dudley had been " Eyes " , which was symbolised by the sign of ôô in their letters to each other . Elizabeth kept the letter he had sent her six days before his death in her bedside treasure box , endorsing it with " his last letter " on the outside . It was still there when she died 15 years later . 
 The public library branch , as well as some government offices which had been located at the mall , were temporarily relocated to the former White Mountain Academy of the Arts . 
 = = = Body modification = = = 
 Jaguars were rapidly eliminated in the United States . The last female jaguar in the United States was shot by a hunter in Arizona 's White Mountains in 1963 . Arizona outlawed jaguar hunting in 1969 , but by then no females remained and over the next 25 years only two male jaguars were found ( and killed ) in Arizona . Then in 1996 , Warner Glenn , a rancher and hunting guide from Douglas , Arizona , came across a jaguar in the Peloncillo Mountains and became a jaguar researcher , placing webcams which recorded four more Arizona jaguars . None of the other four male jaguars sighted in Arizona in the last 15 years have been seen since 2006 . Then , in 2009 , a male jaguar named Macho B , died shortly after being radio @-@ collared by Arizona Game and Fish Department ( AGFD ) officials in 2009 . In the Macho B incident , a former AGFD subcontractor pleaded guilty to violating the endangered species act for trapping the cat and a Game and Fish employee was fired for lying to federal investigators . In 2011 , a 200 @-@ pound male jaguar was photographed near Cochise in southern Arizona by a hunter after being treed by his dogs ( the animal left the scene unharmed ) . A second 2011 sighting of an Arizona jaguar was reported by a Homeland Security border pilot in June 2011 , and conservation researchers sighted two jaguars within 30 miles of the Mexico / U.S. border in 2010 . In September 2012 , a jaguar was photographed in the Santa Rita Mountains of Arizona , the second such sighting in this region in two years . Apparently this jaguar has been photographed numerous times over the past nine months through June 2013 . On February 3 , 2016 , the Center for Biological Diversity released a video of this jaguar - now named El Jefe - roaming the Santa Rita Mountains , about 25 miles south of downtown Tucson . 
 = = = Design = = = 
 Sainsbury married Mary Stevens Chamen on 28 August 1883 at Christ Church , Wanstead , Essex . He established an eponymous oil cake company in Bristol . He died on 28 October 1930 , aged 79 in Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare , Somerset , and his funeral was held at St Paul 's Church in Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare . He was survived by at least two sons and two daughters . One of those sons , E. A. Sainsbury , played cricket for Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare and the Gloucestershire Colts . At the time of his death , he had a gross estate worth just over £ 9 @,@ 234 . His grandson , John Sainsbury , played two first @-@ class matches for Somerset in 1951 . 
 = = = = = Excised clips = = = = = 
 Jehovah 's Witnesses believe death is a state of non @-@ existence with no consciousness . There is no Hell of fiery torment ; Hades and Sheol are understood to refer to the condition of death , termed the common grave . Jehovah 's Witnesses consider the soul to be a life or a living body that can die . Jehovah 's Witnesses believe that humanity is in a sinful state , from which release is only possible by means of Jesus ' shed blood as a ransom , or atonement , for the sins of humankind . 
 = = Cast and characters = = 
 By mid @-@ summer 2008 , the cost of the project had grown to $ 325 million . Now named " CityMarket at O " , the nine @-@ story development included over 600 units of housing , a 200 @-@ room hotel , retail space , and a new Giant supermarket almost doubling the size of the existing store . Mayor Adrian Fenty announced the city government would provide $ 35 million in tax increment financing ( TIF ) and plans were made to break ground in late 2009 . The city also contributed $ 1 million toward the construction of the rent @-@ controlled apartments for low @-@ income residents , and $ 1 @.@ 5 million in pre @-@ development grants . Rising costs and delays pushed the project 's cost higher , and by the time the city council acted , the city 's TIF commitment had risen to $ 46 @.@ 5 million . 
 = = = Other tank programs = = = 
 Over the following weeks , the army was marched under guard to camps in Virginia and Maryland . Cornwallis and other officers were returned to New York and allowed to return to England on parole . The ship on which Cornwallis sailed in December 1781 also carried Benedict Arnold and his family . 
 Filming for the show started in July 2004 on location in Cardiff for " Rose " . The start of filming created stress among the production team because of unseen circumstances : several scenes from the first block had to be re @-@ shot because the original footage was unusable ; the Slitheen prosthetics for " Aliens of London " , " World War Three " , and " Boom Town " were noticeably different from their computer @-@ generated counterparts ; and the BBC came to a gridlock in negotiations with the Terry Nation estate to secure the Daleks for the sixth episode of the series ; Davies and episode writer Rob Shearman were forced to rework the script to feature another race , until Gardner was able to secure the rights a month later . After the first production block , which he described as " hitting a brick wall " , the show 's production was markedly eased as the crew familiarised themselves . 
 Although Richard Broun had calculated that over its first century of operations the cemetery would have seen around five million burials at a rate of 50 @,@ 000 per year , at the time the last train ran on 11 April 1941 only 203 @,@ 041 people had been buried at Brookwood in almost 87 years of operations . Increased use of motorised road transport had damaged the profitability of the railway for the LNC , and faced with the costs of rebuilding the cemetery branch line , building a new London terminus and replacing the rolling stock damaged or destroyed in the air raid , the directors concluded that " past experience and present changed conditions made the running of the Necropolis private train obsolete " . In mid @-@ 1946 the LNC formally informed the SR that the Westminster Bridge Road terminus would not be reopened . 
 The album was also released on many other formats , many of which are only to be found second hand . 
 Mercedes ( Amber Riley ) , supported by her boyfriend Shane ( LaMarcus Tinker ) , auditions for the role of Maria and impresses the directors — Emma , Coach Beiste ( Dot @-@ Marie Jones ) and Artie ( Kevin McHale ) — with her rendition of " Spotlight " . They schedule a callback between her and Rachel ( Lea Michele ) to help them decide who should be cast in the role . Mercedes is angry about what she perceives as continued favoritism shown to Rachel , especially in the awarding of solos , and when Will pushes her in the glee club 's extra dance rehearsals that Rachel is excused from , she decides she has had enough and quits glee club . When Mercedes and Rachel compete by singing " Out Here On My Own " in the callbacks , Mercedes gives a performance that Rachel privately concedes was better , which prompts Rachel to begin a last @-@ minute candidacy for senior class president to improve her college prospects ; this dismays Kurt , who now has another rival to campaign against . The three directors decide to offer the role of Maria to both contenders , with each to do half the performances , but Mercedes is convinced she deserved to win the part outright and refuses to accept half a role . She withdraws from contention , which leaves Rachel as the sole Maria , and volunteers to join Shelby Corcoran 's ( Idina Menzel ) new glee club . The cast list is posted , with Rachel as Maria , Blaine as Tony , Santana as Anita , Mike as Riff , and Kurt as Officer Krupke . 
 = = Development = = 
 = = = Warfare = = = 
 Several Oregon publications included This England on their lists highlighting local products . Portland Monthly included the album on their list of " November 's Best PDX Stuff " , which showcases Portland 's " coolest products and ideas " . The Oregonian included the album on their list of " 25 local gifts under $ 25 " . Oregon ArtsWatch contributor Brett Campbell recommended the album on his list of Oregon classical music " stocking stuffers " . Campbell wrote that , despite the acoustic limitations of the Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall , the live recordings " achieve admirable depth and clarity that bring out unexpected elements in both major 20th century English compositions " . He also complimented Kalmar and the orchestra for their " tightly wound expressiveness " and " sharp " performances , and said their recording of Cockaigne can " proudly stand alongside other top versions by the likes of the London Symphony Orchestra " . 
 The bodies of those killed in the massacre were exhumed in 1942 by the French , but only about 50 of the 97 were successfully identified . The bodies were then reburied in Le Paradis churchyard , which now forms part of the Le Paradis War Cemetery administered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission . In 1970 , a memorial plaque was placed on the barn wall where the massacre took place and a large memorial was subsequently erected beside the church . 
 = = = Assassination of Rafic Hariri = = = 
 = = = Virginia Plan = = = 
 In the 1950s and early 1960s , Stockhausen published a series of articles that established his importance in the area of music theory . Although these include analyses of music by Mozart , Debussy , Bartók , Stravinsky , Goeyvaerts , Boulez , Nono , Johannes Fritsch , Michael von Biel , and , especially , Webern ( Stockhausen Texte , 1 : 24 – 31 , 39 – 44 , 75 – 85 , 86 – 98 ; Stockhausen Texte , 2 : 136 – 39 , 149 – 66 , 170 – 206 ; Stockhausen Texte , 3 : 236 – 38 ; Stockhausen Texte , 4 : 662 – 63 ) , the items on compositional theory directly related to his own work are regarded as the most important generally . " Indeed , the Texte come closer than anything else currently available to providing a general compositional theory for the postwar period " ( Morgan 1975 , 16 ) . His most celebrated article is " ... wie die Zeit vergeht ... " ( " . . . How Time Passes . . . " ) , first published in the third volume of Die Reihe ( 1957 ) . In it , he expounds a number of temporal conceptions underlying his instrumental compositions Zeitmaße , Gruppen , and Klavierstück XI . In particular , this article develops ( 1 ) a scale of twelve tempos analogous to the chromatic pitch scale , ( 2 ) a technique of building progressively smaller , integral subdivisions over a basic ( fundamental ) duration , analogous to the overtone series , ( 3 ) musical application of the concept of the partial field ( time fields and field sizes ) in both successive and simultaneous proportions , ( 4 ) methods of projecting large @-@ scale form from a series of proportions , ( 5 ) the concept of " statistical " composition , ( 6 ) the concept of " action duration " and the associated " variable form " , and ( 7 ) the notion of the " directionless temporal field " and with it , " polyvalent form " ( Stockhausen Texte , 1 : 99 – 139 ) . 
 Backbreaker was developed by the British NaturalMotion Games , Ltd. and published by 505 Games . The game 's development heads were Todd Gibbs and Dave Proctor , and the lead producers were Rob Donald and Matt Sherman . Development began in Summer 2007 , and ended in June 2010 . A game demo was released on 21 May 2010 for Xbox LIVE gold players and 28 May 2010 for silver players . When announcing the release date for the PlayStation 3 demo , the developers only commented that it would be released " soon " . However , communication errors with Sony 's PlayStation Network caused the demo to be delayed until 15 June 2010 , two weeks after the North American release . 
 The Indigenous population — Aborigines and Torres Strait Islanders — was counted at 548 @,@ 370 ( 2 @.@ 5 % of the total population ) in 2011 , a significant increase from 115 @,@ 953 in the 1976 census . The increase is partly due to many people with Indigenous heritage previously having been overlooked by the census due to undercount and cases where their Indigenous status had not been recorded on the form . Indigenous Australians experience higher than average rates of imprisonment and unemployment , lower levels of education , and life expectancies for males and females that are , respectively , 11 and 17 years lower than those of non @-@ indigenous Australians . Some remote Indigenous communities have been described as having " failed state " -like conditions . 
 After Conchita Wurst had won and performed the song again , and shortly before the end of the television broadcast , press photographers crowded around Wurst for pictures . During the photo session , Estonian " Free Anakata " activist Meelis Kaldalu managed to breach security and approach Wurst , giving her flowers and a Danish flag . She accepted the flowers , and Kaldalu knelt before her ; what he said could not be heard . As security personnel realised Kaldalu was not supposed to be there , they began to drag him away , and Kaldalu produced a piece of paper , which he had hidden under his shirt , reading " # free anakata " . 
 Financial Director : Simon Gibb 
 Production of the German Leopard 2 and the new 120 mm tank gun began in 1979 , fulfilling an order for the German Army . Although the American M1 Abrams was originally armed with the M68A1 105 mm gun ( a version of the L7 ) , the United States Army had planned to fit the tank with a larger main gun at a later date , and the tank 's turret had been designed to accommodate a larger 120 mm gun . The larger gun was integrated into the M1A1 Abrams , with the first vehicle coming off the production line in 1985 The gun , known as the M256 , was based on the L / 44 tank gun , although manufactured at Watervliet Arsenal and modified to increase the resistance of the barrels to fracture and fatigue . Tanks armed with versions of Rheinmetall 's gun produced under licence include Japan 's Type 90 and South Korea 's K1A1 . The gun had made a huge turn in technological history . 
 Cats are familiar and easily kept animals , and their physiology has been particularly well studied ; it generally resembles those of other carnivorous mammals , but displays several unusual features probably attributable to cats ' descent from desert @-@ dwelling species . For instance , cats are able to tolerate quite high temperatures : Humans generally start to feel uncomfortable when their skin temperature passes about 38 ° C ( 100 ° F ) , but cats show no discomfort until their skin reaches around 52 ° C ( 126 ° F ) , and can tolerate temperatures of up to 56 ° C ( 133 ° F ) if they have access to water . 
 General characteristics 
 Brodeur used a hybrid style of goaltending by standing up more than butterfly style goalies , though he adapted to more modern techniques at the latter stage of his career . He was known for his puck handling , his positional play , and his reflexes , especially with his glove hand . Brodeur 's prowess at puck handling was so notorious that it led in part to the NHL changing its rules regarding where goalies were allowed to handle the puck outside of the goal crease , leading to its moniker of " The Brodeur Rule " . He announced his retirement in the middle of the 2014 – 15 season after a brief stint with the Blues , having played in seven games with the team . 
 Although now less committed to a year @-@ round schedule of concerts , Grainger remained a very popular performer . His eccentricities , often exaggerated for publicity reasons , reportedly included running into auditoriums in gym kit and leaping over the piano to create a grand entrance . While he continued to revise and rescore his compositions , he increasingly worked on arrangements of music by other composers , in particular works by Bach , Brahms , Fauré and Delius . Away from music , Grainger 's preoccupation with Nordic culture led him to develop a form of English which , he maintained , reflected the character of the language before the Norman conquest . Words of Norman or Latin origin were replaced by supposedly Nordic word @-@ forms , such as " blend @-@ band " ( orchestra ) , " forthspeaker " ( lecturer ) and " writ @-@ piece " ( article ) . He called this " blue @-@ eyed " English . His convictions of Nordic superiority eventually led Grainger , in letters to friends , to express his views in crudely racial and anti @-@ Semitic terms ; the music historian David Pear describes Grainger as , " at root , a racial bigot of no small order " . 
 In 2013 , a small figure dated at around 800 AD was discovered in Hårby , Denmark by three amateur archaeologists . The figurine portrays a woman with long hair in a ponytail carrying a sword and a shield . Commenting on the figure , archaeologist Mogens Bo Henriksen said that " there can hardly be any doubt that the figure depicts one of Odin 's valkyries as we know them from the sagas as well as from Swedish picture stones from the time around AD700 " . 
 = = = Plants = = = 
 The 2 / 28th Battalion probed into the Pocket on 16 June . The previous day a 2 / 11th Commando Squadron patrol had reported that the track along Lyon Ridge would be passable by tanks if a bomb crater was filled , and on the morning of the 16th A Company from the 2 / 28th Battalion accompanied by a troop of three tanks and a bulldozer began to move south along it . After the bulldozer filled the crater , the force continued along Lyon Ridge but became pinned down by heavy fire from Japanese troops on Eastman Spur to the south @-@ east of the ridge . One of the Australian tanks was damaged . A subsequent attempt by a section from the 2 / 11th Commando Squadron to advance towards Eastman Spur to the east of A Company was also beaten back , with two Australians killed and another wounded . A Company resumed its advance during the afternoon , supported by a new troop of tanks . The three tanks moved ahead of the infantry , and killed eight or ten Japanese personnel , but one was damaged by a bomb and another became bogged . By the end of the day , A Company had suffered five men killed and 23 wounded . Overall , 150 patients were admitted by the 24th Brigade 's attached medical units during 16 June , which stretched their capacity . 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 " I shot the clip as if it were a movie , and the preview edit is the equivalent of a film trailer . We both wanted the video to be sexy and erotic , but not sleazy . It definitely pushes the envelope , but then it throws comedy to keep things from getting too serious . " 
 Many literary works include references to Ray or his work , including Saul Bellow 's Herzog and J. M. Coetzee 's Youth . Salman Rushdie 's Haroun and the Sea of Stories contains fish characters named Goopy and Bagha , a tribute to Ray 's fantasy film . In 1993 , UC Santa Cruz established the Satyajit Ray Film and Study collection , and in 1995 , the Government of India set up Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute for studies related to film . In 2007 , the BBC declared that two Feluda stories would be made into radio programs . During the London Film Festival , a regular " Satyajit Ray Award " is given to a first @-@ time feature director whose film best captures " the artistry , compassion and humanity of Ray 's vision " . Wes Anderson has claimed Ray as an influence on his work ; his 2007 film , The Darjeeling Limited , set in India , is dedicated to Ray . Ray also a graphic designer , designed most of his film posters , combining folk @-@ art and calligraphy to create themes ranging from mysterious , surreal to comical ; an exhibition his posters was held at British Film Institute in 2013 . 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 = = = Resignation and return to ministry = = = 
 Ahead of the hurricane , the 1100 people at Johnston Atoll evacuated . On the atoll , John caused $ 15 million ( 1994 USD ; $ 23 @.@ 9 million 2016 USD ) in damage . No deaths were reported . Other than on Johnston , Hurricane John had minor effects in Hawaii . Its remnants also affected Alaska . 
 = = = The situation at Mandurriao Airport = = = 
 Consequently , if a parliamentary seat falls vacant mid @-@ term , it does not have to be filled immediately as " [ t ] he vacancy does not affect the mandate of the Government , nor its ability to deliver on its programmes or promises . And this mandate continues until the next general election is called , when the incumbent team will render account to the electorate . " The Prime Minister said that the Singapore system of government was based on this model for two reasons : first , to " encourage voters to think very carefully when they are voting during general elections , because you are not only voting for your representative in the constituency , you are voting for the government in the country " ; and , secondly , " to maximise the chances of a stable , effective government in between general elections " . 
 Lage Raho Munna Bhai was an acclaimed film . Subhash K. Jha said that " Munna and Circuit , arguably cinema 's most adorable and roguish reformists since Laurel and Hardy go about the business of generating humour out of the pathos of the human condition . The sequences , all fiercely and famously path @-@ breaking have us in splits [ ... ] Watch the love @-@ lorn Munnabhai answer a Gandhian quiz on a phone @-@ in radio quiz with the help of kidnapped professors ' it 's one of the most comically animated sequences seen in the movies of the new millennium . " Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave the film four out five stars , calling it " a sparkling example of qualitative cinema " arguing that it " not only entertains , it also enlightens . " Nikhat Kazmi of The Times of India observes that " Vidhu Vinod Chopra gives the great Indian family one more let 's @-@ go @-@ goodwill @-@ hunting entertainer , even as director Raju Hirani proves that sequels needn 't have the been there @-@ done that feel ... " Rajeev Masand of CNN @-@ IBN gave it four out of five stars and states : " Like those good old @-@ fashioned Hrishikesh Mukherjee films , it also reinforces the importance of human goodness and basic niceties . Even if you might argue that some of Gandhi 's principles seem outdated today , you cannot help but cheer for Munna and his gang as they achieve the impossible with love and kindness . And that is where this film transcends conventional boundaries . It entertains you , yes , but it also makes you yearn for a perfect world . Judge it by any yardstick that you may , Lage Raho Munnabhai emerges a clear winner . Much of that credit must go to its actors who pull out all stops to make it an enjoyable ride . " Poonam Joshi of the BBC gave four out of five stars stating that , " everything about this film works [ ... ] It 's rare to see a film that bounces between humour and sentiment so seamlessly . And it is rarer still to see characters become etched in the memory so enduringly that audiences become almost protective of them . It 's testimony both to the quality of the writing and the performances , that Munna and Circuit have taken on a life of their own . " Vinayak Chakravorty of The Hindustan Times gave four out of four stars stating that it " cleverly works its way around the obvious hurdle that almost all sequels face : The film recreates an original milieu without a hint of the déjà vu downer . And that precisely ranks Munna Bhai 2 as one of the best entertainers this year . " He commended the it for showing " the heights Hindi cinema can scale despite staying within its masala parameters . Lage raho , guys . " Phelim O 'Neill of The Guardian gave the film four out of five stars noting that , " as western romantic comedies become more vapid and even stalkerish , this delivers a credible message of peace , while never forgetting to be magnificent entertainment . " Shastri Ramachandaran of The Tribune wrote , " True , there have been memorable films on Mahatma Gandhi by distinguished directors , namely Richard Attenborough and Shyam Benegal ; one offering a respectful cinematic acquaintance and the other being didactic but inspiring . For all their earnestness , neither film stirred the popular imagination like LRM has done now . " Vaidyanathan from BBC declared that , " Lage Raho is not only as good as MBBS , but much better " calling it " a brilliant emotional roller coaster ride . " Jeremy Page of The Times discussed its enormous popularity upon release and noted the " serious point [ the film made ] about the need for tolerance , restraint and self @-@ sacrifice . " 
 Max Matsuura – producer 
 The thick shell and rounded shape of bivalves make them awkward for potential predators to tackle . Nevertheless , a number of different creatures include them in their diet . Many species of demersal fish feed on them including the common carp ( Cyprinus carpio ) , which is being used in the upper Mississippi River to try to control the invasive zebra mussel ( Dreissena polymorpha ) . Birds such as the Eurasian oystercatcher ( Haematopus ostralegus ) have specially adapted beaks which can pry open their shells . The herring gull ( Larus argentatus ) sometimes drops heavy shells onto rocks in order to crack them open . Sea otters feed on a variety of bivalve species and have been observed to use stones balanced on their chests as anvils on which to crack open the shells . The Pacific walrus ( Odobenus rosmarus divergens ) is one of the main predators feeding on bivalves in Arctic waters . Shellfish have formed part of the human diet since prehistoric times , a fact evidenced by the remains of mollusc shells found in ancient middens . Examinations of these deposits in Peru has provided a means of dating long past El Niño events because of the disruption these caused to bivalve shell growth . 
 Originating in saloon bars within public houses during the 1830s , music hall entertainment became increasingly popular with audiences , so much so , that during the 1850s , the public houses were demolished and specialized music hall theatres developed in their place . These theatres were designed chiefly so people could consume food and alcohol and smoke tobacco in the auditorium while the entertainment took place . This differed somewhat from the conventional type of theatre , which until then seated the audience in stalls with a separate bar @-@ room . Major music halls , were based around London and included Early music halls like the Canterbury Music Hall in Lambeth , Wilton 's Music Hall in Tower Hamlets , and The Middlesex , in Drury Lane , otherwise known as the Old Mo . 
 Stage and film musicals , however , continued to be influenced by the music hall idiom , including Oliver ! , Dr Dolittle and My Fair Lady . The BBC series The Good Old Days , which ran for thirty years , recreated the music hall for the modern audience , and the Paul Daniels Magic Show allowed several speciality acts a television presence from 1979 to 1994 . Aimed at a younger audience , but still owing a lot to the music hall heritage , was the late ' 70s series The Muppet Show . 
 In June 2007 , they shot the bridge battle near Bovec in the Soča Valley , Slovenia . The location was chosen for its resemblance to New Zealand . A large bridge was built , which was modelled on the one Julius Caesar built to cross the Rhine . Whereas Caesar supposedly built his bridge in ten days , the filmmakers had around forty . The schedule was short though , but the authorities would only allow them this build time to not completely disrupt normal summer activities on the lake . The filmmakers made a trench to change the river 's course , so they could deepen the drained sides of the riverbed so it looked like one could drown in it . The crew also cut down 100 trees for shots of the Telmarines building the bridge ; the trees were moved to another side of the river for decoration . The bridge stood for two months before being dismantled . As part of the clean @-@ up , the cut @-@ down trees and parts of the bridge were sent to a recycling plant , while other portions of the bridge were sent to the studio for close @-@ ups shot against bluescreen . 
 Lion 's first action was as flagship of the battlecruiser force under the command of Admiral Beatty during the Battle of Heligoland Bight on 28 August 1914 . Beatty 's ships had originally been intended as distant support of the British cruisers and destroyers closer to the German coast in case the large ships of the High Seas Fleet sortied in response to the British attacks . They turned south at full speed at 11 : 35 am when the British light forces failed to disengage on schedule and the rising tide meant that German capital ships would be able to clear the bar at the mouth of the Jade Estuary . The brand @-@ new light cruiser Arethusa had been crippled earlier in the battle and was under fire from the German light cruisers Strassburg and Cöln when Beatty 's battlecruisers loomed out of the mist at 12 : 37 pm . Strassburg was able to duck into the mists and evade fire , but Cöln remained visible and was quickly crippled by fire from the squadron . Beatty , however , was distracted from the task of finishing her off by the sudden appearance of the elderly light cruiser Ariadne directly to his front . He turned in pursuit and reduced her to a flaming hulk in only three salvos at close range ( under 6 @,@ 000 yards ( 5 @.@ 5 km ) ) . At 1 : 10 pm Beatty turned north and made a general signal to retire . Beatty 's main body encountered the crippled Cöln shortly after turning north and she was sunk by two salvos from Lion . 
 In the meantime Blücher had been heavily damaged by fire from all the other battlecruisers ; her speed had dropped to 17 knots ( 20 mph ; 31 km / h ) and her steering gear had been jammed . Beatty ordered Indomitable to attack her at 10 : 48 am . Six minutes later Beatty spotted what he thought was a submarine periscope on the starboard bow and ordered an immediate 90 ° turn to port to avoid the submarine , although he failed to hoist the ' Submarine Warning ' flag because most of Lion 's signal halyards had been shot away . Almost immediately afterward Lion lost her remaining dynamo to the rising water which knocked out all remaining light and power . He ordered ' Course Northeast ' at 11 : 02 to bring his ships back to their pursuit of Hipper . He also hoisted ' Attack the rear of the enemy ' on the other halyard although there was no connection between the two signals . This caused Rear @-@ Admiral Sir Gordon Moore , temporarily commanding in New Zealand , to think that the signals meant to attack Blücher , which was about 8 @,@ 000 yards ( 7 @,@ 300 m ) to the northeast . So they turned away from the pursuit of Hipper 's main body and engaged Blücher . Beatty tried to correct the mistake , but he was so far behind the leading battlecruisers that his signals could not be read amidst the smoke and haze . 
 = = = " Video nasties " = = = 
 While still a tropical cyclone , Leslie produced 2 to 4 inches ( 51 to 102 mm ) of rain across much of Nova Scotia , peaking at 6 @.@ 5 inches ( 170 mm ) in Shubenacadie . The rainfall likely contributed to the ongoing flooding in some areas of Nova Scotia . Similarly , 2 to 4 inches ( 51 to 102 mm ) of precipitation was reported throughout much of Newfoundland , with a peak total of 4 @.@ 25 inches ( 108 mm ) in Cow Head . Localized flooding left some roads and bridges impassable and briefly isolated the Port au Port Peninsula from the mainland of Newfoundland . Due to winds up to 85 mph ( 137 km / h ) , Leslie ripped off roofs , destroyed trees , and left 45 @,@ 000 homes without power , particularly on the Avalon Peninsula , in the southeast portion of Newfoundland . In Pouch Cove on the Avalon Peninsula , the storm destroyed a partially built house and damaged incomplete homes in the Pleasantville neighborhood of St. John 's . Within the latter , several streets were closed , as crews cleaned up scattered debris . A portion of Memorial University of Newfoundland 's campus was closed after glass littered a pedestrian walk . Later , the remnants of Leslie brought rainfall to Nunavut , bring 1 @.@ 4 inches ( 36 mm ) of precipitation to Iqaluit during a three @-@ day period . Damage in Atlantic Canada reached 10 million CAD ( $ 10 @.@ 1 million USD ) . 
 The Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics posted wins against Brazil , Great Britain , and the Netherlands , but lost to Canada . It was enough to advance the Gliders to the quarter @-@ finals , where they beat Mexico . The Gliders then defeated the United States by a point to set up a final clash with Germany . The Gliders lost 44 – 58 , and earned a silver medal . 
 Later at the Warsaw Tavern , Drew is hanging out with his friends when Mimi walks in and confronts him . Drew talks to her honestly about why she did not get the job , telling her that her attitude is the problem and she has to deal with the fact that her looks might stop her from getting some jobs . Mimi does not like Drew 's advice and leaves the bar . Needing to fill the cosmetics position quickly , Drew believes he has found an ideal candidate in Natalie ( Natasha Silver ) until Kate turns up to apply for the job . Drew admits that he is worried that Kate will hate him if he has to fire her . However , Mr. Bell insists Drew hire Kate , having seen her in the lobby and Drew agrees . Kate later comes to Drew 's house to ask him , Lewis and Oswald which perfume samples to promote . The episode ends with Drew playing pool in his garden in the rain , while the others watch through the window . 
 Most impacts in Canada occurred after the hurricane transitioned into an extratropical cyclone . Cindy brought strong winds and downpours along the coast of Nova Scotia . Many small vessels sought safety , but the ship Lady Godiva sank near North West Arm ; the two people on board were later rescued . No damage was reported on the island itself . In New Brunswick , up to 2 inches ( 50 mm ) of rainfall was produced by Cindy , although no damage is known to have been reported . 
 Xenocara , a customized X.Org build infrastructure 
 OpenBSD developers were instrumental in the creation and development of OpenSSH , which is developed in the OpenBSD CVS repositories . OpenSSH is based on the original SSH . It first appeared in OpenBSD 2 @.@ 6 and is now by far the most popular SSH client and server , available on many operating systems . 
 In October 2004 , the Feminist Majority Foundation objected to the U.S. Department of State 's decision to award part of a grant to IWF . IWF 's work in Iraq is in concert with that of the American Islamic Conference and the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies , a neo @-@ conservative think tank . 
 In addition to many of the co @-@ curricular activities associated with the various classes , there are several extracurricular clubs at the school . Honorary organizations National Honor Society and Quill and Scroll have active chapters at Roosevelt while national and international organizations like the American Civil Liberties Union , Key Club , Amnesty International , and American Field Service ( AFS ) also have associated clubs at the school . In addition to the musical performing arts ensembles , there is also a chapter of the International Thespian Society honorary organization that is part of the Roosevelt Drama Guild . Drama Guild presents three productions each school year : a drama in November , a musical in February , and one @-@ acts in April . Academic competition clubs such as an Academic Challenge quiz bowl team and Future Problem Solving are offered as well as a general foreign language club and separate clubs for the German , French , Latin , and Spanish language classes . General interest clubs and organizations include a chess club , athletic boosters , student council , arts promotion clubs ForArts ( Friends of Roosevelt Art Society ) and the RHS Film Society , a general science club along with clubs for the environment and zoology , and Gamers ' Guild . There is also an African American youth @-@ focused club known as Project Unity , a gay @-@ straight alliance , and an active Special Olympics team . 
 Leander was born in Calcutta , India , on 17 June 1973 to a Goan father . Vece Paes and Jennifer Paes were his parents and he was raised in Kolkata ( Calcutta ) . He was educated at La Martiniere Calcutta , and the St. Xavier 's College of the University of Calcutta . His parents were both sports persons . Vece was a midfielder in the bronze medal @-@ winning Indian field hockey team at the 1972 Munich Olympics . His mother captained the Indian basketball team in the 1980 Asian basketball championship . Paes enrolled with the Britannia Amritraj Tennis Academy in Madras ( Chennai ) in 1985 , where he was coached by Dave O 'Meara . The academy played a key role in his early development . Leander earned international fame when he won the 1990 Wimbledon Junior title and rose to no . 1 in the junior world rankings . 
 Despite the importance of death rituals , in traditional Japanese culture the subject is considered unclean as everything related to death is thought to be a source of kegare ( defilement ) . After coming into contact with the dead , individuals must cleanse themselves through purifying rituals . People who work closely with the dead , such as morticians , are thus considered unclean , and during the feudal era those whose work was related to death became burakumin ( untouchables ) , forced to live in their own hamlets and discriminated against by wider society . Despite a cultural shift since the Meiji Restoration of 1868 , the stigma of death still has considerable force within Japanese society , and discrimination against the untouchables has continued . 
 Former Masonic Lodge 
 The following year , the group approached Greenfield directly to ask for his resignation . He initially agreed , but then vacillated long enough for Brownlee to once again pledge his loyalty to the Premier . This time , Henry Wise Wood intervened to ask Brownlee to reconsider , which he agreed to do only if Greenfield himself made the request . The Premier immediately did so , saying that he had never wanted the job in the first place . On November 23 , Greenfield resigned as Premier of Alberta , tearfully telling the media that he was " through with politics " . 
 During the season it became increasingly clear that the player would be joining a bigger club . Amid reported interest from a list of clubs including Manchester City , Arsenal , Leeds United , Roma , Internazionale , reportedly willing to pay around € 3 million for the player and then loan him back to Albacete for a season , and Deportivo La Coruña , who agreed terms with the club but were unable to agree with Camaño , Pablo signed a four @-@ year contract with Atlético Madrid for a fee of € 3.5m plus add @-@ ons . He was reunited with Ferrando , who had recently been appointed coach of Atlético . 
 = = Early relations = = 
 Roger Ebert was a strong advocate of the film ; he gave it 3 ½ stars out of four , praising it as a " technical milestone " while conceding that its " nuts and bolts " story lacked " the intelligence and daring of , say , Steven Spielberg 's A.I. " He noted that while he did not once feel convinced Aki Ross was an actual human being , she was " lifelike " , stating her creators " dare us to admire their craft . If Aki is not as real as a human actress , she 's about as human as a Playmate who has been retouched to glossy perfection . " He also expressed a desire for the film to succeed in hopes of seeing more films made in its image , though he was skeptical of its ability to be accepted . Peter Bradshaw gave a more negative review , stating that while the animation was brilliant , the " solemnly realist human faces look shriekingly phoney precisely because they 're almost there but not quite " , concluding " The story is adequate , if familiar , but after half an hour relapses into cliche . " 
 Rachel Covey as Morgan 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 Portal 2 includes bonus content , including four promotional videos , a Lab Rat comic , and an interactive trailer for the 2011 film Super 8 , constructed with the Source game engine . A feature called " Robot Enrichment " allows players to customize the cooperative campaign characters with new gestures and cosmetic items such as hats or flags . These can be earned in @-@ game , traded with other players , or bought through microtransactions at the in @-@ game store . 
 = = = Razer Hydra = = = 
 Numerous violent plots related to the cartoons have been discovered in the years since the main protests in early 2006 . These have primarily targeted editor Flemming Rose , cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , the property or employees of Jyllands @-@ Posten and other newspapers that printed the cartoons , and representatives of the Danish state . Westergaard has been the subject of several attacks or planned attacks and now lives under special police protection . On 1 January 2010 , police used firearms to stop a would @-@ be assassin in Westergaard 's home . In February 2011 , the attacker , a 29 @-@ year @-@ old Somalian man , was sentenced to nine years in prison . In 2010 , three men based in Norway were arrested on suspicion that they were planning a terror attack against Jyllands @-@ Posten or Kurt Westergaard ; two of the men were convicted . In the United States , David Headley and Tahawwur Hussain Rana were convicted of planning terrorism against Jyllands @-@ Posten and were sentenced in 2013 . 
 For a while , it was pretended that Claudius was still alive , with all of those involved in the plot ( including Halotus ) undertaking their normal duties . This was done so that arrangements for Nero 's accession could be secure . The news that Claudius was merely sick rather than dead spread widely and Agrippina making requests " on Claudius ' behalf " further fooled the people into believing the Emperor lived . After all of the preparations for Nero 's accession had been made , the death was revealed to the Roman people . 
 The back of the fish is iridescent and blue @-@ green in color , with many yellow and gold spots . The belly is white . The head color changes from a light blue to a pinkish mix during spawning season . Specimens have a tone of blue under their eyes . Their pectoral fins are a light tone of sepia , and the margin of the anal fin is a purplish @-@ blue color . 
 Kristen Cloke as Valerie Lewton 
 FWA Footballer of the Year : 2002 – 03 , 2003 – 04 , 2005 – 06 
 Music halls , where both Nan and Kitty are employed — and put on display — as male impersonators , allow about half the novel 's action and commentary on gender to take place , according to scholar Cheryl Wilson . When Nan puts on trousers for the first time to perform as Kitty 's partner and realises the impact of their double act together , she states , " whatever successes I might achieve as a girl , they would be nothing compared to the triumphs I should enjoy clad , however girlishly , as a boy " . Male impersonation is common in the world of the novel , and some performers are quite popular . Only certain types of depictions of men , however , were acceptable in reality . Nan and Kitty pretend to be London " swells " : gentlemen on the town who sing about their sweethearts . Wilson provides evidence that such depictions were supported by class divisions , as poorer music hall patrons enjoyed the fun poked at the upper class , and the upper class generally found it harmless enough to laugh at themselves . Mashers such as the famed Vesta Tilley capitalised on the fact that both men and women were able to laugh at common perceptions of femininity and masculinity . 
 Loaded weight : 47 @,@ 000 lb ( 21 @,@ 363 kg ) 
 King Matthias ' all attempts to secure his son 's succession to the throne proved to be useless shortly after his death . The prelates and the barons elected Vladislaus II Jagiellon king on 15 July 1490 . He retained his domains and the Duchy of Troppau . The new monarch bestowed the title of Duke of Slavonia upon him , but he renounced of it in 1495 . He also renounced of the Duchy of Troppau in 1501 . 
 = = = Clinton Lodge = = = 
 From Saxon times it was part of the hundred of Hayridge . From 1894 to 1935 it was part of Tiverton Rural District and prior to that it was part of Tiverton Sanitary District and Tiverton Poor Law Union . It may have been a borough in the 17th century but this status was not sustained . 
 On November 20 , 2012 , a melee occurred at a Newark City Council meeting attended by Booker . The nine @-@ seat council was to vote on the successor to the seat vacated by newly elected U.S. Representative Donald M. Payne , Jr . Booker 's opponents on the council , including Ras Baraka , sought to appoint John Sharpe James , son of the former mayor , while Booker and his supporters favored Shanique Speight . Booker attended the meeting to deal with the eventuality of the lack of a quorum or a tie vote , in which state law would allow him to cast a deciding vote . After Baraka was refused an opportunity to address the council by acting Council President Anibal Ramos , Jr . , Baraka and two other council members walked away in protest . Booker cast the deciding vote for Speight . Supporters of James stormed the stage and were held back by riot police , who eventually used pepper spray on some members of the crowd . Baraka later blamed Booker for inciting the disturbance , while Booker refused comment to the media after the vote . 
 A tropical wave spawned a tropical depression north of Hispaniola on September 20 . The depression remained offshore the island and moved west @-@ northwestward . By September 22 , it curved northeastward and became Tropical Storm Gracie . The storm then moved through The Bahamas , producing 8 @.@ 4 inches ( 210 mm ) on Mayaguana . Later on September 22 Gracie intensified into a hurricane . It deepened further to a Category 2 , on September 23 , before weakening later that day . Gracie then meandered slowly and erratically while northeast of The Bahamas , before curving northwestward on September 27 . It became a Category 2 hurricane again by September 28 . During the next 24 hours , Gracie deepened significantly and peaked as a 140 mph ( 220 km / h ) Category 4 hurricane . However , it weakened back to a Category 3 hurricane before making landfall on Edisto Island , South Carolina at 1625 UTC on September 29 . Gracie was the one of the strongest tropical cyclones to strike South Carolina until Hurricane Hugo in 1989 . It rapidly weakened inland , becoming extratropical on September 30 . 
 With the Democratic takeover of the House of Representatives in 1875 , Garfield lost his chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee . The Democratic leadership in the House appointed Garfield as a Republican member of Ways and Means . With many of his leadership rivals defeated in the 1874 Democratic landslide , and Blaine elected to the Senate , Garfield was seen as the Republican floor leader and the likely Speaker should the party regain control of the chamber . 
 = = = Hall = = = 
 = = Charts = = 
 This clade became the basis of B. subser . Leptophyllae , which Thiele defined as containing those species with " indurated and spinescent common bracts on the infructescence axes , and densely arachnose seedling stems . " In accordance with their cladogram , their arrangement placed B. telmatiaea next to B. scabrella . 
 Recorded by Andrew Dawson , Anthony Kilhoffer and Mike Dean at the Avex Recording Studio , Honolulu 
 In the early 18th century Pontypridd , then known as Pont @-@ y @-@ tŷ @-@ pridd ( The bridge of the earthen house ) , was a tiny hamlet . Pont @-@ y @-@ tŷ @-@ pridd took its name from the original bridge of the same name , however very little is known of that ancient ford with stepping stones , which ran alongside the current Old Bridge , and was used only when the river ran low . Possibly in 1744 or after the bridge was built , Pont @-@ y @-@ tŷ @-@ pridd became known as Newbridge or New Bridge after the William Edwards ' Bridge . By 1856 , Newbridge had been renamed Pontypridd . 
 The ninth season 's DVD released on August 27 , 2013 with several bonus features and deleted scenes . The tenth season 's DVD was released on September 2 , 2014 with new several bonus features and deleted scenes . The season was officially released on DVD as a six @-@ disc boxset under the title of Grey 's Anatomy : The Complete Tenth Season – Live For The Moments on September 2 , 2014 and featured an extended episode Do You Know ? and a special feature from Sandra Oh titled " An Immeasurable Gift " . The eleventh released on DVD as a six @-@ disc box set on August 18 , 2015 with interviews with new series regular Caterina Scorsone and a special feature for Dempsey 's departure How To Say Goodbye Dr. Derek Shepherd . 
 Although Platt desired a recess , Hanna refused , wanting the convention to complete its work that day , and the delegates proceeded to the presidential nomination . McKinley had insisted that Foraker nominate him to demonstrate the unity of the Ohio Republican Party , and after some reluctance by the senator @-@ elect , who feared blame if anything went wrong , Foraker agreed . McKinley was waiting with family and friends at his house in Canton , being kept up to date by telegraph and telephone . He was able to listen to part of Foraker 's speech , and the tremendous reception that met it , over the phone line . McKinley was easily nominated on the first ballot , with Reed his nearest competitor . Canton erupted in celebration , with McKinley making speech after speech to the townsfolk and to those who poured in that day by rail from across Ohio , even from his birthplace of Niles . 
 = = = Invasion , warfare , and Santa Clara = = = 
 The German UB II design improved upon the design of the UB I boats , which had been ordered in September 1914 . In service , the UB I boats were found to be too small and too slow . A major problem was that , because they had a single propeller shaft / engine combo , if either component failed , the U @-@ boat became almost totally disabled . To rectify this flaw , the UB II boats featured twin propeller shafts and twin engines ( one shaft for each engine ) , which also increased the U @-@ boat 's top speed . The new design also included more powerful batteries , larger torpedo tubes , and a deck gun . As a UB II boat , U @-@ 47 could also carry twice the torpedo load of her UB I counterparts , and nearly ten times as much fuel . To contain all of these changes the hull was larger , and the surface and submerged displacement was more than double that of the UB I boats . 
 NI contains the deep veins , also known as the deep compartment . 
 These mayors are superb and proud . They displayed themselves to us with stiff and stern faces , and wide @-@ open mouths . Jaunty and audacious of gait , they would scarcely move a foot before us . Their war weapon was their mouth , with which they could bite fiercely ; their food was fruit ; they were not well feathered but abundantly covered with fat . Many of them were brought onboard to the delight of us all . 
 Louis Etienne Thirioux , an amateur naturalist at Port Louis , also found many dodo remains around 1900 from several locations . They included the first articulated specimen , which is the first subfossil dodo skeleton found outside the Mare aux Songes , and the only remains of a juvenile specimen , a now lost tarsometatarsus . The former specimen was found in 1904 in a cave near Le Pouce mountain , and is the only known complete skeleton of an individual dodo . Thirioux donated the specimen to the Museum Desjardins ( now Natural History Museum at Mauritius Institute ) . Thrioux 's heirs sold a second mounted composite skeleton ( composed of at least two skeletons , with a mainly reconstructed skull ) to the Durban Museum of Natural Science in South Africa in 1918 . Together , these two skeletons represent the most completely known dodo remains , including bone elements previously unrecorded ( such as knee @-@ caps and various wing bones ) . Though some contemporary writers noted the importance of Thrioux 's specimens , they were not scientifically studied , and were largely forgotten until 2011 , when sought out by a group of researchers . The mounted skeletons were laser scanned , from which 3 @-@ D models were reconstructed , which became the basis of a 2016 monograph about the osteology of the dodo . In 2006 , explorers discovered a complete skeleton of a dodo in a lava cave in Mauritius . This was only the second associated skeleton of an individual specimen everfound , and the only one in recent times . 
 = = = Arghun ( 1284 – 1291 ) = = = 
 = = History = = 
 On August 18 at SummerSlam , Orton turned heel for the first time since 2010 after he cashed in his Money in the Bank contract on Daniel Bryan , who had just won the WWE Championship and had been subsequently attacked by special guest referee Triple H , who also counted the pinfall to give Orton his seventh WWE title . The following night on Raw , Orton was endorsed as the " face of the company " by Vince McMahon and the newly formed Authority ( Triple H and Stephanie McMahon ) . On September 15 at Night of Champions , Orton lost WWE Championship back to Bryan , however , Triple H stripped Bryan of the title the next night on Raw , due to a fast count by referee Scott Armstrong , but refused to give the championship back to Orton . Orton and Bryan faced off for the vacant title on October 6 at Battleground , but the match ended in a no contest after Big Show interfered and knocked out both men . Orton once again challenged Bryan for the vacant championship at Hell in a Cell , where he was successful in regaining the WWE Championship after the special guest referee Shawn Michaels superkicked Bryan for attacking Triple H. 
 Most of the sheep meat exported from Australia is either frozen carcases to the UK or is live export to the Middle East for halal slaughter . PETA has stated that sheep exported to countries outside the jurisdiction of Australia 's animal cruelty laws are treated inhumanely and that halal meat processing facilities exist in Australia , making the export of live animals redundant . Entertainer Pink has pledged to boycott all Australian sheep products in protest . 
 2 Al + 6 H 
 = = Diaries and biographies = = 
 Gum @-@ digging was the major source of income for settlers in Northland , and farmers often worked the gumfields in the winter months to subsidise the poor income from their unbroken land . By the 1890s , 20 @,@ 000 people were engaged in gum @-@ digging , of which 7000 worked full @-@ time . Gum @-@ digging was not restricted to settlers or workers in the rural areas ; Auckland families would cross the Waitemata Harbour by ferry at weekends to dig in the fields around Birkenhead , causing damage to public roads and private farms , and leading to local council management of the problem . 
 = = Ecology and distribution = = 
 James first recorded the song in August 1954 at Modern Records ' new studio in Culver City , California . Maxwell Davis supervised the session and a group of professional studio musicians provided the backup . The song was produced in a newer style that Modern used successfully for B.B. King and James ' slide guitar was placed further back in the mix . Flair Records , another of the Bihari brothers ' Modern labels , released the single , backed with " Sunny Land " . The song became a regional hit , but did not reach the national charts . Labels associated with Modern included " Standing at the Crossroads " on several James compilation albums , such as Blues After Hours ( Crown ) , The Blues in My Heart – The Rhythm in My Soul ( Custom Records ) , and Original Folk Blues ( Kent Records ) . 
 The physical trainers also had to ensure that not only do the actors look like soldiers before filming , but they had to remain that way throughout the shoot . In addition , Stapleton and Winchester had to lose and gain weight , respectively . Winchester had to be on a diet of 4 @,@ 000 calories a day , which included taking protein shakes between meals . The actor described the diet as " a workout in itself , " having found it " exhausting " eating more food than he was used to . In total , training took approximately one month . 
 = Samsung Galaxy S III = 
 Zelda II was rated the 110th best game made on a Nintendo System in Nintendo Power 's Top 200 Games list . In August 2008 , Nintendo Power listed it as the 12th best Nintendo Entertainment System video game , describing it as a radical and refreshing departure from its predecessor . 
 = = Early life = = 
 The Cubs franchise last won the World Series in 1908 , and Vedder has been a lifelong Cubs fan . The song , which fondly looks forward to the Cubs ' next World Series victory , was written with the encouragement of certain Chicago Cubs , most notably Ernie Banks . The song was first performed in Chicago and was recorded over two nights in 2008 at the end Vedder 's first solo tour . 
 Cooley later moved to Alligator Pond ( near present @-@ day Lake City , Florida ) , where he set up a farm and traded with the local Seminole tribe led by Chief Micanopy . The territory of East Florida was formally transferred from Spain to the United States in 1819 , under the Adams @-@ Onis Treaty . In 1820 , Spanish merchant Don Fernando de la Maza Arredondo began settlement of a 280 @,@ 000 @-@ acre ( 1 @,@ 130 km2 ) claim in the Alachua territory , which had been granted to him by King Ferdinand VII of Spain . Cooley negotiated with Don Fernando on behalf of the displaced Indians but was unsuccessful . Cooley moved away in 1823 — possibly to escape the Spanish influence — to the north bank of the New River . 
 = = Artforms = = 
 In a conference call with reporters on August 21 , 2012 , Daniels announced that this would be the final season of the series . Daniels said , " This year feels like the last chance to really go out together and make an artistic ending for the show that pays off a lot of the stuff that matters most to fans . " Daniels also said all the questions would be answered , such as who was behind the documentary , and why they had been filming it for so long , as well as the reveal of the Scranton Strangler . A central point during the season was the romance between Erin Hannon ( Ellie Kemper ) and Pete Miller ( Jake Lacy ) . According to Michael Ausiello of TVLine , the nature of their relationship was heavily debated by the writers and producers ; he noted that " the triangle [ between Andy , Erin , and Pete ] has stirred up a number of debates in the writers room , which tells me even they don 't know at this point which guy Erin will choose . " According to Kemper , Daniels asked for her personal input due to her understanding of the character . 
 Similar to the previous storm , the active monsoon trough spawned a low pressure area over the Andaman Sea on October 24 . There was a weak center that had good outflow . On October 25 , the IMD classified the system as a depression about 925 km ( 575 mi ) southeast of Kolkata . The system moved to the northwest and developed more convection close to the center , although the thunderstorms were intermittent . Turning more to the north , the depression intensified into a deep depression and later cyclonic storm on October 27 , reaching peak winds of 65 km / h ( 40 mph ) ; the JTWC also classified it as Tropical Cyclone 02B . That day , the wind shear increased , although the convection was able to increase over the center and organize into a comma @-@ shaped rainband . Early on October 28 , the storm made landfall in southern Bangladesh near Mongla , by which time the wind shear had displaced much of the convection to the northeast . It rapidly weakened over land , degenerating into a remnant low over northern Bangladesh early on October 29 . 
 = = = Arab dynasties = = = 
 = = = Other notable cover versions = = = 
 = = Home video releases = = 
 Of mission commander Parsons , it was said : " There is no one more responsible for getting this bomb out of the laboratory and into some form useful for combat operations than Captain Parsons , by his plain genius in the ordnance business . " 
 The routing of Highway 58 was eventually upheaved by two major changes within the Niagara Peninsula . The first was the construction of the Thorold Tunnel , which was built as part of the larger Welland Bypass project of the Welland Canal in order to minimize road and rail crossings that plagued the length of the canal prior to the 1970s . The Thorold Tunnel was designed to carry a divided four lane road beneath the canal , bypassing the swinging bridge between Allanburg Road and Ormond Street . It was built during the winter months between 1965 and 1967 , with the canal drained , and opened on September 18 , 1968 . Following its completion , Highway 58 was rerouted through the tunnel , west of which it forked . At the Pine Road interchange , one fork travelled north on Pine , east along Richmond Street and north along Ormond Street ( now Niagara Regional Road 52 ) . The other fork followed the present route . As part of the creation of the Regional Municipality of Niagara , Highway 8 was transferred to the newly formed region as well as the original alignment of Highway 58 . 
 The mitochondrial genome of the human species of body lice ( Pediculus humanus humanus ) , the head louse ( Pediculus humanus capitis ) and the pubic louse ( Phthirus pubis ) fragmented into a number of minichromosomes , at least seven million years ago . Analysis of mitochondrial DNA in human body and hair lice reveals that greater genetic diversity existed in African than in non @-@ African lice . Human lice can also shed light on human migratory patterns in pre @-@ history . The dominating theory of anthropologists regarding human migration is the Out of Africa Hypothesis . Genetic diversity accumulates over time , and mutations occur at a relatively constant rate . Because there is more genetic diversity in African lice , the lice and their human hosts must have existed in Africa before anywhere else . 
 Stevens , Bilson and De Meo began to consider making The Rocketeer as a low @-@ budget film , shot in black @-@ and @-@ white and funded by independent investors . Their plan was to make the film a complete homage to the Commando Cody serial films , and use a cast largely associated with character actors . However , that same year , the trio approached William Dear to direct / co @-@ write The Rocketeer , and they eventually dropped the low @-@ budget idea . Bilson , De Meo , and Dear kept the comic book 's basic plot intact , but fleshed it out to include a Hollywood setting and a climactic battle against a Nazi Zeppelin . They also tweaked Cliff 's girlfriend to avoid comparisons to Bettie Page ( Stevens ' original inspiration ) , changing her name from Betty to Jenny and her profession from nude model to Hollywood extra ( a change also made to make the film more family friendly ) . Dear proceeded to transform the climax from a submarine into a Zeppelin setpiece . 
 Mukesh Tiwari as Inspector Shamsher Singh , in @-@ charge of Komban area 
 McKagan began promoting the album ; however , following the merger between Geffen and Interscope Records , he was dropped from the label and lost all commercial rights to release the record with only a few promo copies being leaked . Loaded continued to tour and released a live album , Episode 1999 : Live , independently , which was recorded and mixed by Nick Raskulinecz . They re @-@ recorded half of Beautiful Disease and received offers from four labels . However , they disbanded before the end of the year , with McKagan and Bentley becoming part of Izzy Stradlin 's rhythm section for his tour of Japan supporting Ride On . 
 Los Hijos del Infierno ( " The Sons of the Inferno " ; Ephesto , Luciferno , and Mephisto ) are the current champions , after defeating the trio known as Los Reyes de la Atlantida ( " The Kings of the Atlantis " ; Atlantis , Delta and Guerrero Maya Jr . ) for the title on August 9 , 2015 . It is the team 's first reign as a team and they are the 39th overall champions . Los Reyes de la Atlantida hold the record for most reigns as a team , with three , while Atlantis , Delta and Volador Jr. have all held the championship on four separate occasions . Blue Panther , Fuerza Guerrera and El Signo is the team with the longest reign of 1 @,@ 728 days while Los Payasos and the trio of Dos Caras , Villano III and Villano IV both held the title for only 26 days , which is the shortest time of any championship team . 
 = = = Dixie Mission Commanding Officers = = = 
 These close quarters fostered community as well as resentment . Newcomers were mentored by older women in areas such as dress , speech , behavior , and the general ways of the community . Workers often recruited their friends or relatives to the factories , creating a familial atmosphere among many of the rank and file . The Lowell girls were expected to attend church and demonstrate morals befitting proper society . The 1848 Handbook to Lowell proclaimed that " The company will not employ anyone who is habitually absent from public worship on the Sabbath , or known to be guilty of immorality . " 
 For its first few miles in Saratoga County , I @-@ 87 runs across lightly developed parts of the towns of Halfmoon and Clifton Park . Near exit 9 , however , the freeway passes through the commercial center of Clifton Park as it connects to NY 146 . Clifton Park Center , one of several shopping plazas at the junction , is situated southwest of the exit . Past exit 9 , the commercial development subsides as I @-@ 87 traverses another area dominated by housing tracts . Just north of the exit , the freeway passes a rest area for northbound traffic . The freeway continues on , passing to the west of the centers of Round Lake at exit 11 and Malta at exit 12 . After Malta , I @-@ 87 turns slightly to the northeast and begins to loosely parallel the northwestern edge of Saratoga Lake as it crosses Kayaderosseras Creek and enters Saratoga Springs . 
 Blamey was always interested in technical innovation , and was receptive to unorthodox ideas . He was instrumental in the adoption of the periscope rifle at Gallipoli , a device which he saw during an inspection of the front line . He arranged for the inventor , Lance Corporal W. C. B. Beech , to be seconded to division headquarters to develop the idea . Within a few days , the design was perfected and periscope rifles began to be used throughout the Australian trenches . 
 = = = Early history = = = 
 Although it is not known definitively , Chorioactis is believed to be saprobic , deriving nutrients from decomposing organic matter . In Texas , fruit bodies are found growing singly or in groups from roots , stumps , and dead roots of cedar elm trees ( Ulmus crassifolia ) or Symplocos myrtacea ; in Japan , the usual host is dead oak trees . Fruit bodies can be clustered together close to the base of the stump , or from the roots away from the stump ; the stem of the fruit body tends to originate from a point 5 to 10 cm ( 2 to 4 in ) below the ground . In Texas , fruit bodies usually appear between October and April , as this period is associated with somewhat cooler weather , and the temperature and moisture conditions during this time seem to be more favorable for growth . 
 = = = Story = = = 
 The Ice Hockey European Championships , first held in Les Avants , Switzerland in January 1910 , were the precursor to the World Championships . It was the first official tournament meant for national teams , the participating nations were Great Britain , Germany , Belgium and Switzerland . In North America , professional hockey was continuing to grow , the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , the largest professional hockey league in the world , was formed in 1917 . The European Championships were held for five consecutive years but were not held between 1915 and 1920 due to World War I. 
 Keys : 
 Taoism drew its cosmological notions from the tenets of the School of Yin Yang , and is heavily influenced and informed by the acknowledged oldest text of ancient Chinese classics , the I Ching , which prescribes a system of philosophical thought on the ethics of human behaviours based on articulating cycles of change in the natural and social worlds by means of hexagrams , and includes instructions for divination practice still adhered to by modern @-@ day religious Taoists . Daoism , as Taoism is sometimes referred , diverged sharply from Confucian thoughts by scorning rigid rituals and social classes . The Tao Te Ching , a compact and ambiguous book containing teachings attributed to Laozi ( Chinese : 老子 ; pinyin : Lǎozǐ ; Wade – Giles : Lao Tzu ) , is widely considered the keystone work of this philosophy . Together with the writings of Zhuangzi , which interprets and adds to the teaching of Laozi , these classic texts provide the philosophical foundation of Taoism deriving from the 8 trigrams ( bagua ) of Fu Xi in the 2700s BC in China , the various combinations of which creates the 64 hexagrams as documented in the I Ching . 
 A keen geographer , Towner would often disappear into the bush for weeks on end , for study or exploration . As a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society of Australia and member of the Royal Historical Society of New South Wales , he took a particular interest in researching the life of the explorer Sir Thomas Mitchell . In 1946 , he successfully lobbied the Australian Government to issue a postage stamp commemorating the centenary of Mitchell 's discoveries in central Queensland . He addressed the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia in Brisbane in 1955 , and was awarded the Dr Thomson Foundation Gold Medal for his geographical work the following year . Towner 's address was published in 1957 , in a booklet entitled Lake Eyre and its Tributaries . 
 At 19 : 00 on 20 August , a 20 @-@ minute ceasefire was arranged to allow German forces to evacuate a large convoy of medical vehicles . Immediately following the passage of these vehicles , the fighting resumed and intensified . Although the Germans were incapable of dislodging the Polish forces , the hill 's defenders had reached the point of exhaustion . With ammunition supplies extremely low , the Poles were forced to watch as the remnants of the XLVII Panzer Corps escaped from the pocket . Despite this , Polish artillery continued to bombard every German unit that entered the evacuation corridor . Stefanowicz — commander of the Polish battlegroups on Hill 262 — was sceptical of his force 's chance of survival : 
 Elliott Gould and Christina Pickles reprised their roles as Jack and Judy Geller . The set for the Geller house was used previously in " The One Where Joey Moves Out " , for Jack 's birthday party and in the season seven episode " The One Where Rosita Dies " , when Ross and Monica visit their parent 's garage . The flashback in Thanksgiving 1987 was Monica and Chandler 's first meeting along with Rachel and Chandler . Bright commented that the show tries not to contradict itself ; " once we establish something , we try not to undo it . " In " The Pilot " it appears Rachel meets Chandler for the first time . She also meets him in a later flashback episode , " The One Where The Stripper Cries " . To excuse the continuity error , Bright adds they do not remember each other meeting because they look different . 
 Crawford had a reputation by this stage as a batsman who favoured aggressive , powerful shots and his performances drew in crowds . In 1907 , in the space of a few days , he hit deliveries in two different matches through the windows of both the home and the visitors ' dressing rooms at The Oval . Towards the end of the season , he scored 103 runs in 90 minutes against Kent , his only century that year , hitting several deliveries into the crowd ; The Times described the ball in this innings as " soaring away like a bird " . Crawford 's overall batting record was similar to the previous season : he scored 1 @,@ 158 runs at an average of 30 @.@ 47 . With the ball , he took 124 wickets at 16 @.@ 95 , completing his second double . Once again , he was selected in both Gentlemen v Players matches , taking six for 54 in the second , and was chosen to play two of the three Test matches against South Africa . These were his only Test matches in England ; he scored 26 runs in three innings and was wicketless after bowling 29 overs . He missed England 's victory in the second match , the only match in the series not to be a draw , but Wisden 's correspondent believed that the pitch conditions for that game made it a mistake to leave Crawford out . Despite his lack of success in the Tests , Crawford was invited to tour Australia that winter even before the South African series was complete ; he suggested to the press that he might remain in Australia after the tour . 
 Under British Railways , classes D1 , E1 , H , N1 , M7 , Q , Q1 , Std 3 2 @-@ 6 @-@ 2T , Std 4 2 @-@ 6 @-@ 0 Std 4 2 @-@ 6 @-@ 4T and U1 were permitted to work between Tonbridge and Grove junction . Freight trains from Tonbridge West Yard were not permitted to depart until the line was clear as far as Southborough Viaduct . Other classes of locomotive known to have worked over this section of line include C , and E4 . 
 Glove making was a major industry in the town in the early nineteenth century , along with the production of rope and twine . The Somerton Brewery , owned by a local landowner named Thomas Templeman , was first recorded under the Tithe Apportionment Act of 1841 . The brewery became a large producer in Somerset until its final closure around 1935 . Before the National Insurance and the Health Service was introduced , Somerton Men 's Club acted as a local provident society within the area . Gypsum was extracted by hand at the Hurcott open @-@ cast mine from the Victorian era up until it closed down in 1953 . In 1906 , a railway station opened on the Castle Cary Cut @-@ Off which was built by the Great Western Railway . Whilst the line still remains in use , the station was closed in 1962 . When the Marconi Company built the radio stations known as the Imperial Wireless Chain for the Post Office during 1925 – 26 , they also established their own transmitting station at Dorchester with a receiving station 30 miles ( 48 km ) away at Somerton . 
 = = = Critical reception = = = 
 = = = Africa = = = 
 Turnbull 's willingness to negotiate with the government was met with opposition from some Coalition MPs . By September 2009 , The Australian was reporting that only 12 of the 59 Liberal backbenchers supported negotiations . On 18 October 2009 , Turnbull fronted a meeting of Coalition MPs with a proposal to negotiate amendments to the government 's ETS . This meeting supported his proposal , in what was seen as a test of Turnbull 's leadership . However , there was speculation that a number of Coalition Senators would defy Turnbull and cross the floor of the Senate to vote against any ETS legislation . The ETS opponents argued that it would be premature for Parliament to pass ETS legislation before the Copenhagen Summit on climate change . 
 With the growing popularity of the automobile and subsequent construction of new roads , ridership on the incline diminished and it was losing $ 25 @,@ 000 a year by 1961 . However , since the 1980s , the incline has become one of the main tourist attractions in Johnstown , with people visiting the incline to " ride for fun , nostalgia and novelty . " Though primarily used for tourism , the incline 's use by commuters , who bike or walk to work , has also increased . CamTran 's Route 18 transit bus offers connections between the incline and downtown Johnstown . As of 2015 , the cost for a ride on the incline is $ 2 @.@ 25 or $ 4 for a roundtrip ; fares for automobiles to be transported by the incline are $ 6 one way . The incline takes around 90 seconds to travel from one station to the other ; the same trip takes 10 minutes by automobile . In 2014 , the Johnstown Inclined Plane had an annual ridership of 70 @,@ 761 passengers , a decrease of 18 @.@ 7 percent from the previous year . 
 Although the majority of the restaurant locations are privately held by individual owners and its financial dependence on those owners , Burger King 's relationship with its franchises has not always been harmonious . Occasional disagreements between the two have caused numerous issues , and in several instances the company 's and its licensees ' relations have degenerated into precedent @-@ setting court cases . 
 Forming in proximity to the tropical upper tropospheric trough ( TUTT ) , its initial disturbance was first spotted as a weak band of convection near the International Dateline in the subtropics on September 13 . Slowly developing , a low pressure system was spotted with the thunderstorm activity on the morning of September 15 . Becoming a tropical storm the following afternoon , Lola recurved around the western periphery of the subtropical ridge . The cyclone accelerated northeast on September 17 , and by the morning of September 19 , Lola had become an extratropical cyclone along the frontal zone which swept it out of the subtropics . 
 Hardpoints : 12 hardpoints , consisting of 2 wingtip rails , and 10 wing and fuselage stations with a capacity of 8 @,@ 000 kg ( 17 @,@ 630 lb ) of ordnance and provisions to carry combinations of : 
 Cleveland climbed back to the top of the Eastern Conference in 1964 with a 10 – 3 – 1 record behind Jim Brown 's league @-@ leading 1 @,@ 446 yards of rushing and reached the championship game against the Baltimore Colts . Most sportswriters predicted an easy win for the Colts , who led the league in scoring behind quarterback Johnny Unitas and halfback Lenny Moore . The Browns ' defense , moreover , was suspect . The team gave up 20 more first downs than any other in the league . The teams , however , had not faced each other for three years . Before the game , Collier and Colts coach Don Shula agreed to give each other full access to video of regular @-@ season games . Ever the student , Collier took full advantage of the opportunity . The Browns had run what was dubbed a " rubber band " pass defense , allowing short throws while trying to prevent big plays . The Colts ' top receivers , however , Raymond Berry and Jimmy Orr , were not fast . They tended to pick apart defenses with short , tactical completions , which led Collier to institute a man @-@ to @-@ man pass defense for the game . This , he figured , would buy more time for the defensive line and force Unitas to scramble — not his forte . 
 = = Culture = = 
 In the second , the Soviets started with a quick goal by Shadrin after 21 seconds . The last ten minutes saw two goals from the Soviets : Yakushev scoring his seventh of the series followed by Vasiliev on the power play to put the Soviets ahead 5 – 3 after two periods . White had countered for Canada midway through the period . It was one of few moments for Canada to cheer as the Soviets played an excellent period . The other was a goal @-@ saving play by Esposito who stopped a shot by Yury Blinov who had faked goaltender Dryden out of position and had an empty net to shoot at . Blinov was denied by Esposito who stopped the puck with his stick on the goal line . Blinov and the crowd had prematurely celebrated the apparent goal , and Blinov shook his head in disbelief . 
 Although most of the storms impacted land , overall effects were minimal . Ana caused minor flooding and wind damage in the Carolinas and left two dead in North Carolina . Tropical Storm Bill and its remnants caused flooding primarily in the South Central , Midwestern , and Mid @-@ Atlantic regions of the United States , while its precursor also left flooding in Central America and Mexico . The storm resulted in two deaths in Honduras , two in Guatemala , one in Mexico , and three deaths in the United States . Additionally , the United States suffered about $ 17 @.@ 9 million ( 2015 USD ) in damage . Claudette and Danny left very minimal impact on land . In late August , Tropical Storm Erika brought heavy rainfall to Dominica , leading to devastating floods . Erika caused nearly $ 500 million in damage and 30 fatalities , making it the island 's deadliest natural disaster since Hurricane David in 1979 . The storm also flooded other nearby islands , but to a much lesser degree , such as Guadeloupe , Puerto Rico , and Hispaniola . Five additional deaths occurred in Haiti . 
 = Clarence Chesterfield Howerton = 
 West Ham have been winners of the FA Cup three times , in 1964 , 1975 , and 1980 , and have also been runners @-@ up twice , in 1923 , and 2006 . The club have reached two major European finals , winning the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1965 and finishing runners up in the same competition in 1976 . West Ham also won the Intertoto Cup in 1999 . They are one of eight clubs never to have fallen below the second tier of English football , spending 58 of 90 league seasons in the top flight . The club 's highest league position to date came in 1985 – 86 when they achieved third place in the then First Division . 
 On display 
 In 1976 , there were 337 indictments of state and local officials for public corruption , compared to 63 in 1970 . Between 1970 and 1981 , there were 520 federal indictments of state officials , and 1 @,@ 757 indictments of local officials , for public corruption ; over that period , 369 state officials , and 1 @,@ 290 local officials , were convicted . In 1986 , there were 916 indictments of public officials for corruption , 320 of which concerned state and local officials . In 1990 , there were 968 such indictments , 353 of which were against state and local officials . 
 = = Release and reception = = 
 During the casting process , Shannon was compared to Paris Hilton , and Lost producer Damon Lindelof described her as a " bitch . She is like a typical spoiled daddy 's girl who gets whatever she wants and is not responsible to the slightest bit . " Eirik Knutzen of The Repository found Shannon to be " a self @-@ centered twit , " and she was also called a " spoiled daddy 's girl . " Boone describes her as a " self @-@ centered little bitch . " On her first night on the Island , Shannon is confident they will be rescued , refusing to help the others organize the luggage . She does not care Rose ( L. Scott Caldwell ) has lost her husband , and spends much of her time sunbathing . She manipulates Charlie ( Dominic Monaghan ) into catching a fish for her , after which Boone apologizes on behalf of Shannon for " using this poor guy like [ she ] use [ s ] everyone else . " In " Whatever the Case May Be , " Boone says to Shannon , " Don 't you see the way they look at us around here ? They don 't take us seriously . We 're a joke . I 'm trying to contribute something . You 're just – you 're useless . " This motivates her to help Sayid translate maps he obtained from Rousseau . 
 Recording 
 Credits are taken from Speak liner notes . 
 Early Fatimid mosques such as the mosque of the Qarafa did not have a minaret . Later mosques built in Egypt and in Ifriqiya incorporated brick minarets , which were probably part of their original designs . These were derived from early Abbasid forms of minaret . Minarets later evolved to the characteristic mabkhara ( incense burner ) shape , where a lower rectangular shaft supported an octagon section that was capped by a ribbed helmet . Almost all of Cairo 's Fatimid minarets were destroyed by an earthquake in 1303 . 
 RAF Benson 
 Capacity : 55 soldiers and equipment 
 Clues from Mollaka point to corrupt Greek official Alex Dimitrios . Bond finds Dimitrios in the Bahamas and pursues him to Miami . Bond kills Dimitrios and follows his henchman to the airport . He thwarts the destruction of Skyfleet 's airliner , costing Le Chiffre his investment . To recoup the money , Le Chiffre sets up a high @-@ stakes Texas hold ' em tournament at the Casino Royale in Montenegro . MI6 enters Bond in the tournament , believing a defeat will force Le Chiffre to aid the British government in exchange for protection from his creditors . On the train to Montenegro , Bond meets Vesper Lynd , a British Treasury agent there to protect the government 's $ 10 million buy @-@ in . 
 Margeaux Watson of Entertainment Weekly said the video " looks promising . [ ... ] The dancing is stiff and minimal , a disappointment since her moves are her strong suit . But this is a welcome return to the Britney we love – gorgeous , gyrating , greased up , and gamely playing the vamp " . OK ! commented that " in addition to seeing Brit in three different sexy getups , the video [ ... ] features an oiled @-@ up Britney writhing around in nothing but a smile " . Rolling Stone said the video was " a cross between ' Toxic ' and The Office " and added , " she ’ s dancing [ and ] looking like the old Britney " . Courtney Hazlett of msnbc.com claimed " When Spears isn ’ t shown naked and writhing in a steam room , she ’ s fired up " . TV Guide writer Adam Bryant said that " the music video features some of the most strategically placed hands in music @-@ video history [ ... ] [ The ] video is quite a return to form for the troubled pop star " . The music video for " Womanizer " became a worldwide success right after it premiered on the Internet , gaining seven million viewers in less than 48 hours . The music video was listed as the best video of 2008 in polls by MTV and Fuse TV . It won Music Video of the Year at the 2009 NRJ Music Awards . The video was also nominated for Best Pop Video and Video of the Year at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards . It lost the latter category to Beyoncé 's " Single Ladies " , but won Best Pop Video . Womanizer is already VEVOcertified after reach 100 million views on YouTube . 
 The area 's mild climate and its close proximity to lakes , rivers , and mountains make Omak an outdoor recreational destination . The city maintains eight general recreational complexes , of which the 76 @.@ 6 @-@ acre ( 31 @.@ 0 ha ) Eastside Park , with an enclosed skate park , municipal pool , seven baseball diamonds , four soccer fields and tennis courts , and two basketball courts , is the largest . Civic League Park is the municipality 's oldest park , while Dalton Klessig Park is the newest . The Omak City Park Board has been formed to protect these public spaces . Omak has several beaches at the north @-@ south shores of Omak Lake on the Colville Indian Reservation , comprising over 100 acres ( 40 ha ) of sandy land . Fishing and boating are available at Omak Lake , and at the Fry Lake and Duck Lake — near the city 's local airport — and Conconully Lake , Crawfish Lake and the Okanogan River , all of which are home to several species . The Valley Lanes bowling alley serves the city and has hosted intrastate competitions , while the Okanogan Valley Golf Club — a country club with 334 @-@ and @-@ 284 @-@ yard ( 305 and 260 m ) golf courses — is located in Omak . 
 Trealaw a community . 
 Finishing moves 
 Diving crossbody 
 Shaw made his Broadway debut in 1929 , when he played the murderer Wyndham Brandon in Patrick Hamilton 's stage thriller , Rope 's End . In 1929 , he married Margaret Delamere and lived with her in the Albany , an apartment complex off of Piccadilly in London . The two would eventually have a daughter together named Drusilla ( born 1932 ) . He returned to the works of William Shakespeare in 1931 , playing Claudio in Measure for Measure at London 's Fortune Playhouse . In 1932 he once again played Romeo at the Embassy Theatre . Other works around this period included productions of Ivor Novello 's Sunshine Sisters in 1933 , Double Door alongside actress Sybil Thorndike in 1934 , J.M. Barrie 's A Kiss for Cinderella in 1937 , and Robert Morley 's Goodness , How Sad in 1938 . 
 = = = = Düsseldorf = = = = 
 For the first part of the 20th century , Lajoie and Cobb 's statistics rivaled each other like few other players in the American League . In 1908 , Honus Wagner and Lajoie recorded their 2,000th career hit . Baseball historian David Anderson wrote : 
 Child actress Helen Badgley , also known as The Thanhouser Kidlet , is described by the Thanhouser Company who made the film as a " precocious child actress who was very comfortable and expressive in front of the camera " . Shep the Dog , also known as The Thanhouser Collie , was a well @-@ trained animal performer who appeared in a number of the company 's films during this period . The dog 's acting , in portraying a range of emotions including " depression " , " groveling pathos " and " joy " , was noted to be superior to the child 's performance . Shep was owned by the film 's director Jack Harvey , but Shep had prior experience working for Vitagraph under Arthur Ashley . While at Vitagraph , Shep received very little coverage and recognition in comparison to Jean , the " Vitagraph Dog " . Evidence suggests that Shep starred in Shep , the Hero . Jack Harvey believed Shep to be almost human , he would direct Shep entirely by voice and would speak to him with " man talk " instead of simple commands . At an unknown , but presumably later date , Shep 's mate of four years , Bessie , became ill and Harvey saw it take a terrible emotional toll on Shep . When Bessie died , Harvey stated it would cause Shep to die of a broken @-@ heart . While A Dog 's Love was released little more than a month before Shep 's death in early November 1914 , two more films had yet to be released . Both The Barrier of Flames and Shep , the Sentinel would be released posthumously . 
 Washburn then embarked on the study of law , first with Charles Dewey , a Williamstown judge and lawyer , and then at Harvard Law School under Asahel Stearns . Although he did not graduate from Harvard , he was admitted to the bar and opened a practice in Charlemont , Massachusetts . After six months there he returned to his hometown of Leicester , where he practiced until 1828 . In that year he moved to Worcester , where he would live and practice for the next thirty years . In 1830 he married Marianne Cornelia Giles , with whom he had three sons and one daughter . 
 The Doctor : Clom 's gone ? ! 
 10Ne → 264 − x 
 = = Plot = = 
 Though interested , yet frustrated about the writing style and not knowing what is going to happen next , upon starting , Armitage was told by co @-@ star Peter Firth to learn to run with it , as well as learn the lines and political jargon quickly . He also thought the scripts are " quite a workout for the brain . " Armitage was also coached on his " serious face " and the " Spooks lean " by Rupert Penry @-@ Jones . The numerous tattoos on Lucas 's torso were actually transfers planted on Armitage , and took a couple of hours to apply . However , he was often told not to move much , as they could rub off quite easily . Armitage was also one of only two actors , along with Hermione Norris , who plays Ros Myers , who went to Moscow , Russia in the series ' first overseas shoot in August 2008 . 
 Neild contested the first federal election in 1901 , running as a Free Trade candidate for the Senate . Together with Senator Cyril Cameron , he was one of two parliamentarians to wear full dress uniform to the opening of Parliament . He introduced the Parliamentary Evidence Bill on 9 August 1901 , which aimed " to enable and regulate the taking of evidence by Parliament and Parliamentary Committees " . The bill was withdrawn and reintroduced several times over the next decade but never passed into law . Harbouring ambitions of becoming deputy President , Neild was active in many committees but failed to achieve his aim , although he did serve as Temporary Chairman of Committees from 1903 to 1910 . 
 Shortly after commissioning on 15 May 1920 Hood became flagship of the Battlecruiser Squadron of the Atlantic Fleet , under the command of Rear Admiral Sir Roger Keyes . She made a cruise to Scandinavian waters that year . She visited the Mediterranean in 1921 and 1922 to show the flag and to train with the Mediterranean Fleet , before sailing on a cruise to Brazil and the West Indies in company with the Battlecruiser Squadron . 
 = Santa María de Óvila = 
 = = Playing style = = 
 = = = Hearts = = = 
 In Animage 's annual Anime Grand Prix awards , Toyosaki placed first overall for Best Voice Actor in 2009 . Her character Yui Hirasawa also placed first overall among Best Characters . She would also place tenth overall in 2012 and eighth overall in 2014 . 
 Princess Resurrection OVA : Reiri Kamura 
 Early on the morning of 12 October New Jersey trained her guns in anticipation of shelling the heavily fortified and well protected Vinh caves . For the next three days New Jersey pounded the area with her 16 in shells in an effort to eliminate the Viet Cong presence in the region . Aided by spotter aircraft from the aircraft carrier America , New Jersey engaged enemy targets , setting several enemy positions on fire and sealing one cave . On 14 October New Jersey shifted her gunfire to the coastal artillery sites on Hon Matt Island , destroying one battery on the island . 
 Cool Hand Luke is a 1967 American prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg , starring Paul Newman and featuring George Kennedy in an Oscar @-@ winning performance . Newman stars in the title role as Luke , a prisoner in a Florida prison camp who refuses to submit to the system . 
 = = Continental Army surgeon = = 
 The expansion of the Trinity school , including the demolition of housing and development of a new aquatic centre on Prospect Rd , and proposed increase in student numbers , 
 Dmitry Andreev devised a framing system that gave the illusion of operating at 60 frames per second ( FPS ) , despite running at 30FPS . To familiarize himself with the process , Andreev observed various 120 Hz television sets that incorporated two frames in producing an intermediate image , resulting in a smoother and clearer picture . The design team utilized a variety of interpolation techniques on multiple parts of an image , such as transparency and reflection . Andreev stated that " as soon as I got back home , I started to play with it and soon after that realised that there are a lot of issues . Mostly the artifacts of a different kind , that appear in more or less complex scenes , as well as performance issues [ ... ] . " In response to the difficulties , he constructed a prototype that performed several enhancement techniques which examined images for vectors that demonstrated how " elements of the image would move from one frame to the next " . The LucasArts coder realized that such processes could be repackaged for a different use . " We already know how things are moving as we have full control over them . This way we don 't need to do any kind of estimation , " he professed . 
 = = Category retirement = = 
 = = Later years = = 
 In late November 1940 , Becher transferred to the recently launched destroyer HMAS Napier as part of the ship 's commissioning crew . While completing working @-@ up exercises , Napier was tasked with transferring British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and his wife from Thurso in Scotland to the battleship HMS King George V , and later returning them to the mainland . With her working @-@ up complete , Napier was initially posted to convoy duties in the North Atlantic , before setting sail in April 1941 with HMAS Nizam for the Mediterranean Sea . Arriving in May , she formed up as part of the Mediterranean Fleet . 
 The song 's music video premiered on January 10 , 2007 on LAUNCHcast . The video opens with scenes of Stefani and the Harajuku Girls in a golden jail . After obtaining the key from a dog , they escape . Stefani is then shown in a penthouse two hours later . She lets down two long braids , allowing the Harajuku Girls to scale the building and cut off the braids . They meet Akon at a parking lot , and Stefani drives off with him . They are pursued by two of the Harajuku Girls as police officers , and the video closes with Stefani back in jail after two hours of chasing . The video is intercut with sequences of Stefani and Akon in front of a letter G in lights . 
 In November 1913 , a month before the Aurora returned for the final time , Mawson and the six men remaining at Cape Denison erected a memorial cross for Mertz and Ninnis on Azimuth Hill to the north @-@ west of the main hut . The cross , constructed from pieces of a broken radio mast , was accompanied by a plaque cut from wood from Mertz 's bunk . The cross still stands , although the crossbar has required reattaching several times , and the plaque was replaced with a replica in 1986 . The first glacier the Far Eastern Party crossed on the outward journey — previously unnamed — was named by Mawson after Mertz , becoming the Mertz Glacier . At a speaking engagement upon his return to Australia , Mawson praised his dead comrades : " The survivors might have an opportunity of doing something more , but these men had done their all . " At another , Mawson said that " Dr. Mertz was a Swiss by birth , but he was a man every Englishman would have liked to have called an Englishman ... He was a man of great feelings , generous — one of Nature 's gentlemen . " A telegram was sent on behalf of the Australian people to Emile Mertz , condoling him on his " great loss , but congratulating you on your son 's imperishable fame . " 
 Feeling extremely confident in their album , the Chili Peppers issued the statement , " Greetings from the dimensions of invisible shapes and colors . The music on this record has expanded our space and made us bigger . Thank you for listening and being exactly where and who you are , " in a press release . Chad Smith commented that By the Way is " very honest , raw , emotional music . It 's a very dynamic , rich and lush album . Probably the best collection of Chili Peppers songs we 've ever put out . " Warner Bros. Records promoted the album heavily in the months prior to the record 's 2002 release , especially targeting the online market in order to steer customers away from illegal downloads . The record label implemented a campaign they colloquially title " A Song A Day " . This program , initiated on June 21 , was aimed at leaking one song per day until the album was released . Over 150 radio stations participated in broadcasting the band 's new daily material , along with MTV , VH1 , and digital music retailers like iTunes , as well as Cell phone companies . AOL featured the Chili Peppers as their " Artist of the Month " in June , streaming interviews and live performances of the band free of charge ; they also sold an MP3 of " By the Way " , the record 's first single , for ninety @-@ nine cents and raffled off tickets that gave fans a chance to see the band in Japan in November . 
 The injection of Taylor 's claim under the Fourteenth Amendment gave him grounds to appeal the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court . In a majority opinion delivered by Chief Justice Melville Fuller , the Supreme Court also rejected Taylor 's claim to loss of property without due process and thus refused to intervene on Taylor 's behalf , claiming that no federal issues were in question and the court lacked jurisdiction . Justices Gray , White , Shiras , and Peckham concurred with the majority opinion . Justice Joseph McKenna concurred with the decision to dismiss , but expressed reservations about the determination that an elected office was not property . Justice David J. Brewer , joined by Justice Henry B. Brown , contended that the Supreme Court did have jurisdiction , but concurred with the result in favor of Beckham . Kentuckian John Marshall Harlan authored the lone dissent from the majority opinion , claiming that the court did have jurisdiction and should have found in favor of Taylor based on his claim of loss of property without due process . He further argued that elective office fell under the definition of " liberty " as used in the Fourteenth Amendment and was protected by due process . 
 Early on May 6 , three Royal Navy ships sailed into Quebec Harbour . Troops on these ships were immediately sent into the city and , not long after , General Guy Carleton formed them up and marched them out to the American siege camp . General John Thomas , then in command of the American forces , had already been making arrangements to retreat , but the British arrival threw his troops into a panic . He led a disorganized retreat that eventually reached Sorel on about May 18 . 
 = = Production = = 
 = Reptar on Ice = 
 = = = Greenland = = = 
 Berger was injured in the pre @-@ season of the 2007 – 08 Premier League , keeping him out of league matches until October 2007 . He then suffered a recurrence of the same injury and was ruled out for a further period of time . On 6 May 2008 , Berger was told he had played his last game for Aston Villa after urging captain Gareth Barry to move to Liverpool . This came just days after manager Martin O 'Neill claimed he was " desperate " to keep Barry following interest from Premier League rivals Chelsea and Liverpool . At the end of his contract Berger was released by the club , having appeared in just 29 league matches in three seasons . 
 An <formula> -complex for a subdivision rule <formula> is a 2 @-@ dimensional CW complex <formula> which is the union of its closed 2 @-@ cells , together with a continuous cellular map <formula> whose restriction to each open cell is a homeomorphism . We can subdivide <formula> into a complex <formula> by requiring that the induced map <formula> restricts to a homeomorphism onto each open cell . <formula> is again an <formula> -complex with map <formula> . By repeating this process , we obtain a sequence of subdivided <formula> -complexes <formula> with maps <formula> . 
 Keyboard – Miranda Cooper , Brian Higgins , Matt Gray , Tim Powell , Toby Scott 
 DMRC is owned equally by the Delhi government and the Government of India . As of March 2015 , total debt stood at ₹ 246 billion ( US $ 3 @.@ 7 billion ) , while equity capital was ₹ 214 billion ( US $ 3 @.@ 2 billion ) . Cost of the debt is 0 % for Govt of India and Delhi government loans , and between 0 @.@ 01 % and 2 @.@ 3 % for Japan International Cooperation Agency loans . Of the equity capital , ₹ 163 billion ( US $ 2 @.@ 4 billion ) is paid @-@ up capital and rest is reserves and surplus . 
